Son Of Marauders
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own  at http://archiveofourown.or g/works/50706016 .
Rating: General Audiences
Archive W arnings: No Archive W arnings Apply , Underage Sex , Graphic Depictions Of
Violence
Categories: F/F, F/M, M/M , Multi
Fandoms: Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling , Marauders - Fandom
Relationships: Seamus Finnigan/Dean Thomas , Harry Potter & Ginny W easley ,
Hermione Granger/Ron W easley , Sirius Black/Remus Lupin , Marlene
McKinnon/Dorcas Meadowes , Draco Mafloy/OC
Characters: Original Lupin Family Characters (Harry Potter) , Original Male
Character(s) , Harry Potter , Seamus Finnigan , Remus Lupin , Evan Rosier ,
Hermione Granger , Ron W easley , Geor ge W easley , Fred W easley , Ginny
Weasley , Bill W easley , Charlie W easley , Arthur W easley , Molly
Weasley , Neville Longbottom , Dean Thomas , Draco Malfoy , Pansy
Parkinson , Theodore Nott , Rubeus Hagrid , Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody ,
Sirius Black , Hannah Abbott
Additional T ags: Gay Panic , Original Character(s) , Werewolf Harry Potter , LGBTQ
Themes , LGBTQ Character , Minor Original Character(s) , Major Original
Character(s) , Original Character -centric
Language: English
Collections: Harry Potter Favs
Stats: Published: 2023-10-09 Updated: 2025-01-03 Words: 277,994 Chapters:
144/?Son Of Marauders
by Kyd_Lupin00
Summary
When the adopted son of Remus Lupin starts at Hogwarts in third year and is met with new
friends, new relationships and even knew adventures, what will happen when the W erewolf
repeats the history of his father?  
Or-- 
When the son of Evan Rosier falls for his enemy , and is met with the ever lasting question, is
anything forever?
Notes
See the end of the work for notesAirakus.
Chapter Summary
Airakus Rosier and a visit from Dumbledore.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Remus John Lupin lived in an old house near a lake. T all wooden logs holding up the porch,
beach just outside, ridden with pebbly sand, the dim sky setting in beautiful arrays of colours
each night. The house was in the north of W ales, where his mother had lived before she had
died... it was their family cottage, though he was the only family left to use it. Remus Lupin
lived in that house, the same house he lived in in every other life, in every other universe.
Only in this life, Remus lived with a boy . 
Airakus wasn't his son, not biologically anyways.  
Airakus was the son of Evan Rosier; but his father wasn't around anymore, nor was the rest of
his family . 
Airakus was now 13, not a young boy like he had been when Lupin had found him.
He was tall and lanky with out of place brown hair and freckles that scattered his face like a
burst of stars.  
He had defined cheekbones, his big green eyes matching his light skin and distracting one
from the dark scars that littered the boy's body . 
He was odd looking to be frank, having been so ever since Lupin had found him, found him
in an empty house in a small village near the south of London.
A woman, a graceful blonde woman was dead, the scratches and bite marks left across her
body a tell tale sign of a W erewolf attack.
Lupin was one of them, and the baby boy that he found, a bite mark in the child's side nearly
carving him in half, was soon to be one of them too.
Airakus Rosier would have died if it weren't for Remus Lupin.
“Airakus, I have to ask you something," Remus began as he entered Airakus's bedroom.
It had been 12 years since that night.  
That night that Airakus had been bitten, transforming into a horrid beast every month all
thanks to Fenrir Greyback and Lord V oldemort himself, all thanks to his waste of a father .
Remus had saved the boy from his home that night, apparating them both back to Order
Headquarters where Airakus spent the next few months of his life.His ‘transformation’ barely began back then, he was only a child.  
Remus and Airakus had moved to the cottage when Airakus was almost 4, the boy's birthday
being in May . 
They had left London after James and Lily had died, after Peter had died, after Marline had
died, after Sirius had betrayed them all.
Airakus grew up with Remus, the man always telling the boy the truth about his life and
where and what he truly was and came from.
It was never easy , they were left with Sirius’ s family fortune, not including the mass amounts
of gold Airakus would receive when he turned 17, but until Airakus was around 1 1 Remus
was in and out of small jobs, leaving the boy to fend for himself.
Airakus was happy , Remus wasn't as lonely as he would have been without the boy to raise
and Remus was able to give Airakus the life that Lupin himself never had.
“Yea, what is it?” Airakus asked as he paused the record that he had been playing while he
read. Remus was wearing proper clothes, wizard robes? Remus never wore those anymore,
he always wore old band t-shirts and baggy sweaters and pants.  
He also never walked around the house in his shoes....  
Remus had had barely any contact with the W izarding world since 1981, outside of some
friends and family . 
Why wasn't he sitting reading on the porch, it was mid August and rather nice outside?
This appearance was all very unlike Remus, and it made Airakus furrow his eyebrows.
“Dumbledore's paying me a visit in about half an hour Airy , He needs to speak to me about a
job and I don't quite know what that entails. I need you to be with me alright? I don't want
to…” Remus explained as he laid down, crashing onto Airakus’ s bed on top of his stuf fed
animals and assorted pillows and blankets.  
“Do it alone? Obviously I'll come tosser , do you know what the job is?” Airakus asked as he
shut his book that was sitting on his lar ge wooden desk in the corner of his room, opposite his
bed. 
Airakus's room was wooden and warm, a lar ge circular window lighting it up. He had a lar ge
bed, a dresser , mirror , 2 bookshelves, a desk and a lar ge red reading chair . 
He had posters and drawings hung on the walls and paper stars hung around the top of his 4
poster bed.
“I have no clue, he barely said anything in the owl he sent, just a time when he would be
coming.'' Remus shrugged as he sat up, his light brown hair falling in front of his eyes.  
The man was only 33, though he looked much younger .
He was very tall and had more scars than Airakus by far . 
“Old tosser” Airakus scof fed and Remus chuckled before he stood from Airakus’ s bed,
patting the boy on the shoulder . his chocolate brown robes flowed behind him as he swept out
of the room and down the creaky stairs that led to the lounge, not another word, leaving
Airakus in his room.  
The boy stood to follow Remus, taking the needle of f of Remus's old David Bowie record as
he grabbed his tattered old shoes and left his room.Lupin's old cottage was a small, wooden home.  
Two bedrooms and one bathroom, the lounge, the front porch and the overhanging roof.
Airakus’ s room was at the top of the stairs, the bathroom right across the hall.  
The bathroom was yellow and bright, filled with old books and magazines that Airakus and
Remus read long ago.
The staircase was long and wooden, the boards were creaky , the green and blue floral
wallpaper covered by the dusty framed photos of the Lupin family , The Marauders and
Remus and Airakus covering the walls like some sort of strange art project that Remus had
never finished.
The staircase led to the lounge which was a small pit with two lar ge stained glass windows.  
The walls were wooden and lined with bookshelves and the chairs surrounding the dark brick
fireplace were old and red.  
The kitchen was left of the staircase, the dining room having two doors, one that opened into
the front hall, the other that led into the lounge.  
Remus’ s bedroom door was under the stairs, across from the lar ge windows that looked out
onto the beach.
The quaint home was small and perfect. Airakus had only ever lived here other than his few
months as a baby spent with his parents, followed by the Headquarters where he had almost
zero memories. so he guessed that perfect was just his opinion. Airakus put on his dirty
converses as he hopped into the kitchen where Remus was standing making tea, his hands a
bit shaky as he poured the glasses.
Airakus had heard everything there was to know about Albus Dumbeldore, including how
much Remus hated the old man.  
Airakus sat down beside Remus, the boy wearing a dark green shirt with a white stripe across
it, and dull brown car go shorts that went down to his knees.  
His shoes were tied tightly , the stars and notes etched on them barely visible through the
mud.  
His frilly hair was sticking out in all directions and his necklace that had a moon and a star on
it that Remus had given him for his tenth birthday was hanging of f his neck wildey .
Remus looked like a proper wizard, or atleast what Airakus had learned that a proper wizard
would look like, while Airakus himself looked like a dirty teeanger who ran into a nasty
thorn bush.
“You look dashing Remus, a proper W izard if I've ever seen one!” Airakus said cheekily as
he sat down on the countertop aside the kettle, taking a handful of peanuts from the bowl
remus had gotten out and crunching on them though his smile.  
Remus rolled his eyes, “Not too bad yourself there Pup.”.
Remus sighed as he turned of f the stove and put the tea down on the small round table that
stood near the window seat in the kitchen.  
The view of the front garden and forest was perfect from here, but Airakus preferred the view
of the lake that he had from the back of the house (His room, living room, dining room).“Are you nervous to see him?” Airakus asked when he noticed Remus wearily glancing at the
fireplace every few moments.  
“No, I just…. I haven't seen Dumbledore since Andromeda died.” Remus choked out as he
cracked his knuckles.  
Airakus sighed, fighting the ur ge to bite his already bitten nails.  
Andromeda and her daughter Nymphadora were Airakus’ s cousins, or well, that's how Remus
had referred to them when Airakus was little.  
Andy had died when Airakus was around seven and Remus had cut of f contact with even
more W izards from the war that he had still been talking to.
“I'm sure it'll be alright dad, I'll be here the entire time and It won't be that hard. Y ou've
spoken with Mary a few times, you visited Nymphadora last month, it mustn't be to hard to
see others from Hogwarts.” Airakus tried to reason with his dad but it didn't seem to be
working.  
Remus was still nervous.
“Yea, and all Mary had to say was that her life was going great and that she wanted to visit us
but couldn't because her muggle husband was an arsehole!” Remus sighed as he too took a
fistful of peanuts in his mouth.
“And all T onks ever does is flirt and you know it Airy!” Remus laughed a little as he looked
at his kid, the man's nerves racking.
“Not too bad to be flirted with every now and then Remus." Airakus shrugged, Remus rolling
his eyes. “He should be here any…” Remus began but was interrupted by green light
emanating from the lounge.  
Airakus had met many wizards before, he had met Dumbledore when he was younger but
seeing the ancient man swaying through his living room was…well, surprising!
The old man looked as though he could have been a million years old. A gleam in his eyes
that was unmistakable and his long white beard mesmerising! He was dressed in a lavender
robe, he looked shiny . Remus stood and entered the lounge, Airakus taking a few moments
before he too dashed from the counter and into the living room.
Dumbledore had taken a seat on the red sofa, Remus in the Brown chair across from him, tea
in both of their hands.  
Airakus walked in slowly , the older wizards back to him as he looked at Remus for some sort
of guidance.  
Remus didn't meet his eyes so AIrakus decided to get it over with. He walked next to Remus
and took a seat on the floor beside the chair , his eyes not leaving Dumbledore for a moment.
Dumbeldore locked eyes with the boy and Airakus’ s breath hitched in his throat.
“Ah, Airakus I presume? Now I haven't seen you since you were what, 5? My , how you've
grown?!” Dumbledore said in almost shock?
That seemed to be a first for the old man because Dumbledore's tone of confusion seemed to
confuse Remus who was looking between his old Professor and his son in utter confusion.“Yes sir” Airakus responded as he took another peanut from the small cof fee table, popping it
into his mouth.  
Remus rolled his eyes silently , Albus had seen Airakus when he was 9, before the attack. He
was getting on in years but the old tosser remembered everything, he was messing with them
both.  
The gleam in Dumbledore's eyes seemed to grow brighter in curiosity as he turned to Remus.
“He must be older than Harry! Why hasn’ t he been attending school?” Dumbeldore asked
Remus who held back a scof f, he also knew the answer to that.  
Werewolves who belong to an extensive family of death eaters aren't the best candidates for
Hogwarts.
“He's the same age as Harry actually , but well, you see no letter was ever sent for him. I
assumed it had to do with his condition, Albus." Remus stated as he glared at Dumbledore
slightly annoyed.
Dumbledore looked towards Airakus in confusion before he seemed to remember the fact that
Airakus was indeed a W erewolf.
“Well, that should not be stopping him? He can come along with you Remus! There's room
for him in his year and since I'm sure you've been teaching him plenty , he'll catch on
quickly!” Dumbeldore reasoned as he stood suddenly , placing his tea on the cof fee table.
“Yes Albus, of course! He may be ahead of his year in all honesty , I'm not afraid to admit that
he does have a wand sir .” Remus explained as he remembered to remain calm around the old
man.
“From Ollivanders?” Dumbeldore questioned with a raised eyebrow .
“No sir , it was James’ s old one, seemed to fit his quite alright so we never got a replacement."
Remus said with slight hesitation as he gestured for Airakus to hand him his wand. Airakus
pulled the old wand from his pocket, handing it to him.
“Ah, I see, well it was left in your possession, and if it fits him well. Y ou will be taking the
train with Airakus, we cannot let him go alone given his… special situation. Minerva’ s
expecting me for tea in about 3 minutes, so I best be of f. See you soon Mr…Erm”
Dumbledore hesitated, turning to Remus who merely shook his head no.
“Airakus, Remus" Dumbledore nodded as he spoke, and with that the fireplace erupted into
flames taking the old man back to Hogwarts.
Airakus turned to Remus in confusion, his eyebrow raised as he took his wand back from
Remus.
“Erm...what was he yammering about?” Airakus chuckled, confused as all hell.
“He of fered me a job as Defence Against The Dark Arts Professor this year ," Remus said as
he stared at the fireplace.“I took it, and you're coming with me to go to school. Airakus, you're going to Hogwarts!"
Remus grinned a look of pure joy appearing on his face as he looked at the boy .
Airakus stared at the man for a moment before he leapt into the air , launching forwards and
grabbing around Remus's waist before spinning the man around, the two dancing around in
excitement.
“I'M GOING T O HOGW ARTS!” Airakus screeched excitedly as Remus chuckled.
That night, Remus told Airakus all the stories the boy had heard a million times about the
wizarding school that he had thought of as a dream his entire life.
He had begged Remus to go when he was eleven, but after the incident when the boy was ten,
a few more months of healing couldn't hurt.
Airakus was giddy all afternoon, running around and ranting about how he was overjoyed to
go. Remus was sat, happy yet hesitant.  
He was returning to Hogwarts, a place where he hadn't been since Sirius, a place where many
horrid things had happened.
Airakus would also be going to Hogwarts, away from Remus’ s safety , away from the wards
on the house that protected him from the dark forces that were still trying to take him away .
School couldn't have come quicker .
Chapter End Notes
Hope we like the first chapter! I'm going through and editing all my published ones right
now so note that I'm fixing spelling mistakes and horridly cringe dialog!The Train
Chapter Summary
Airakus heads to Hogwarts, meets some friends on the way . 
Minnie our QUEEN.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus had spent the whole morning packing, as had Remus.  
Remus didn’ t have the money to buy Airakus his new school things so Airy got all of
Remus’ s old robes and books from third year . 
Good thing Airakus too was an exceedingly tall 13 year old, maybe it was a werewolf thing?
Or maybe the two had gotten lucky in the hand me down department.
Airakus had packed his books and his records, his drawings and his blankets, not to mention
his clothes.  
The full moon was that coming weekend.  
Remus had reassured Airakus that the two would spend the night in the old shack together ,
and that Remus would be taking the W olfsbane potion so they would be safe.  
Airakus, given he was still a growing child, couldn't take the potion according to Madam
Pomfrey's letter .
Airakus barely slept.  
Half because of excitement and half because of the nightmares that occured every night for
the boy , flooding his mind.  
The nervousness finally reached him as the two finished packing away their entire lives
around 9am the next morning, preparing to apparate to platform 9 and ¾.
 
Airakus pulled on his favourite jumper and was tying his shoes, ready to go, when Remus
knocked quietly before entering Airakus's room.  
“Airakus, I have something I'd like you to have, '' Remus sighed as he sat down on Airakus’ s
now plain bed beside the boy . 
“What is it?” Airakus asked cheerfully as he finished tying his shoes and turned to face
Remus who was holding a picture frame.
“This is just a few photos, for you to keep while you're at school.I know that I'll be there and
all, but it'll be dif ferent than when we are here and Airy ," Remus began ranting.  
“You can't tell anybody about your condition. Not about yours or mine. I'm not registered asyou know and you aren't technically allowed to attend the school with L ycanthropy ." Remus
sighed, as if the thing he was going to say next was hurting him.
“And Airakus, I think that for the time being you should refrain from mentioning that you're
my son, I don't want anybody treating you dif ferently alright? Some staf f know that you're a
werewolf, that I'm a werewolf, but other than that dont tell anyone who isn't 100%
trustworthy . You know that I never told anybody other than Lily , that James, Pete and”
Remus paused, a pained look taking over his eyes for a moment, “...figured it all out. Just
know that if you need anything Madame Pomfrey and I are there for you alright?” Remus
finished at last, nodding to Airakus with a reassuring smile.
“Wasn't planning on screaming it from the rooftop but I'll make sure not to say anything!”
Airakus rolled his eyes as he patted Remus’ s shoulder . 
He took the photos as Remus left the room, the man telling him to be ready in ten minutes.  
Airakus wasn't planning on telling anybody any of that anyways, but Remus’ s reminder made
the boy even more nervous.  
This wasn't going to end well.  
Once a month every month he would be extremely ‘sick’.  
Airakus got really angry around the full moon, telling Remus to fuck of f every chance he got.
Airakus also was littered with scars, that was a wolf thing as well though he wasn't planning
on hiding the scars.  
Airakus feared that this was going to be a long day , and an even longer night.
He looked down at the photos he now held above the frame.  
There was one of Nymphadora, one of Mary and her kids, one of Airakus as a child, a few of
James, Sirius and Remus.
One in the pile was of a light haired witch dressed in dark green. She was in a dark gloomy
place and was holding a baby covered in a blanket.
Somebody else was half in the photo, but it had been folded over to centre the smiling
woman.  
She was a beautiful woman to say the least.  
Airakus had cut out the memory of his Mother when he was six or so, or well, at the very
least he had tried to.  
Airakus sighed as he put the pictures in his trunk, taking the last one and glancing at it
quickly before looking back suddenly .
A picture of Remus and Airakus on the boy's tenth birthday was now in the thirteen year old's
hands. The photo was taken whilst Airakus was blowing out his candles, Remus behind him
and T onks taking the picture.
Alastor Moody was in the background with Bill and Charlie W easley sitting with their dad.  
The older two W easley boys were friends of Airakus's given Arthur and Remus had grown
close after James and Lily's death.  
Alastor Moody was usually at Remus and Airakus's house on the full moons, after Andy died
he was around a lot more.The picture Airakus held had been taken at Alastors house.  
That was the last picture taken before Fenrir Greyback attacked Moody's house where
Airakus’ s birthday party had been that year .
He had been searching for Alastor who had killed one of his pack members and in response
to finding Remus and Airakus attacked the two.
Airakus had a lar ge scar on his leg from where the monstrous man had cast ‘crucio’ on the
boy. It was shaped like a tree, and Airakus would trace it when he was wearing shorts,
mindlessly reminding himself of that day . That was the last picture of Airakus before he
realised why he and Remus lived in the woods in muggle W ales, before he figured out why
he couldn't go to Hogwarts.  
That was the last picture he put in his trunk, he almost didn't want to let it go, the memory of
being oblivious begging to take Airakus over . 
But the fact of the matter was obvious, Airakus was a W erewolf, who had no family , whose
parents were part of the reason James and Lily Potter were dead.
Airakus and Remus apparated to the platform at 10 o’clock.
Remus smiled like a happy child the entire way down the train, waving giddily at the trolley
witch who smiled widely back.  
Remus led Airakus to his old compartment with a smile, Reminding the boy to take his
potion before they left.  
Airakus was racking with nerves and excitement all in one.
Remus had fallen asleep, his trunk that James, Peter and Sirius had gifted him in 5th year
next to Airakus’ s old trunk that Sirius had left.  
Remus was leant against the window . Airakus was sitting across from him eating sweets that
he had gotten when Remus had seen the T rolly W itch, watching the rain patter against the
windows. Suddenly AIrakus could hear laughter , and smell people. He glanced towards the
door and saw that other students had began to fill the train, none sitting with the pair for quite
some time, that was until a girl opened the door , stepping inside to reveal two other boys
behind her .
A ginger boy and the frizzy haired girl both holding animals sat beside Airakus, A dark
haired boy with round glasses sitting next to the still sleeping Remus.  
Airakus stared at the boy across from him in horror . 
He looked identical to James, but his nose was Lily's, his eyes a deep green like the girls had
been in photographs Airakus had admired as a child.
“Im Hermione Granger!” The girl said as she put down her fuzzy orange cat and shook
Airakus’ s now shaking hand.  
“I'm Ron W easley , good to meet you!” The ginger boy smiled as he then shook Airakus’ s
hand. A strangely familiar rat in his other hand as he attempted to hold eye contact with the
much taller boy . 
“I'm, Airakus Rosier , pleasure to meet you!” Airakus smiled as he shook Ron's hand.
“Airakus?” Ron chuckled.  
“Yea, my dad was weird.” Airakus chuckled, ignoring the strange look the three kids gavehim when he said ‘was’.  
“Wait, W easley? Are your older brothers named Charlie and Bill?” Airakus asked as he let go
of Ron's hand and ate another chocolate that he and Remus had stocked up on.  
“Erm…yes?” Ron said nervously as he put his rat on his shoulder slowly . 
“Oh I know Bill and Charlie, family friends eh? Funny!” Airakus chuckled at the confused
Ron who definitely didn't know who Airakus was.
“Where are you from? Y ou've got an accent?” Hermione asked.  
“Wales, or well, London originally but I grew up in W ales.” Airakus replied as he caught a
chocolate frog in the air , the little creature having attempted to escape Airakus.  
“That's cool” Harry grinned, he had never been to W ales, or anywhere really , he thought
Seamus was the coolest person ever given he was from Ireland.
“Yep, we live right on the lake too, in the woods, there's a boggart that lives in my shed.”
Airakus chuckled.  
“A Boggart? What on earth is that?” Ron muttered, Hermione rolling her eyes.  
“For merlin's sake read a book Ron” She scof fed as Harry and Airakus watched them
humorously . 
“It's in first year DADA books, you never study them but if you read the whole thing you'd
know ,” Airakus supplied, Ron and Harry sharing a look of utter confusion, they clearly didn't
read for fun.  
“You read then?” Hermione asked.  
Airakus nodded.
“Yea, all the time, we've got a whole library at home, or well a few big shelves but still” He
nodded as he ate more chocolate, suppressing his nerves.  
“What type of books?” Hermione began, but was cut of f by Ron stopping her , given the other
boy had yet to introduce himself.
“Erm..I'm Harry Potter '' Harry said suddenly , attempting to get the normal shock and a
million questions out of the way . 
Airakus smiled as he shook Harry’ s hand.  
“Pleasure to meet you! Y ou lot must be in what 3rd year?” Airakus asked to change the
subject quickly .
He had been talking about Harry since he was a child.  
Remus was one of his theoretical godfathers along with Sirius, who was also Harry's
godfather . They were basically siblings in the long run, but Harry had been living with his
Aunt and Uncle his entire life, muggles.
“Erm…yeah? What year are you in, I don't think we've met before?” Harry said, getting over
the reaction Airakus had to his introduction, or lack there of.  
“I'm in year 3 as well, but I'm erm ... .just starting at Hogwarts this year!” Airakus explained
as he bit his nails nervously . 
The warnings Remus had given him poured through his mind, almost daring him to tell.
“Oh, why?” Hermione asked as she picked up the cat and began petting her gently . 
“I was ill as a child, too sick to go to a boarding school, but I'm all good now!” Airakus liedas he looked at Ron who was counting his money carefully . 
“Oi, W easley! W ant a pack of Berrie Botts? I've got more than enough?” Airakus asked as he
waved a pack of jellybeans in front of him.  
Ron smiled widely before he took the candy and dove into conversation with Airakus about
sweets and Quidditch.
Airakus went to find the T rolley W itch for more sweets a few minutes later , smiling to
himself as he thought of the friendly kids waiting for him. “So Sirius Black has escaped from
Azkaban to come after you?” Ron asked shocked, Airakus was standing outside the
compartment, he hadn't meant to eavesdrop, W erewolf hearing had its perks sometimes.  
“Sure they'll catch Black won't they?” Hermione said, trying to reassure a nervous Harry . 
“Yea sure," Ron began. "but he is a murderous raving lunatic, and no ones ever broken out of
Azkaban before”  
“Thanks Ron!” Harry replied which seemed to end their conversation.
Airakus walked inside and handed the trio their sweets, sitting back in his spot and sighing
deeply . 
“What house are you lot in?” Airakus asked the three with a swift change of subject.
Harry ate his chocolate frog silently as Ron piped up happily .
“Gryf findor , all three of us! It's the best house to be honest, we've got the best quidditch
team!” Ron ranted before Hermione interrupted before he could really get started.  
“What house do you think you'll be in Airakus?” She asked curiously .
Airakus shrugged.
“Well my dads family was in Slytherin, and my moms. But I live with a proud Gryfindor so I
dunno?” Airakus explained nervously . 
He didn't know what house he would get but he begged it would be Gryfindor . 
He just wanted Remus to be proud of him and for the pressure that he would be like his father
to finally disappear . 
Maybe if he was a Gryf findor it would prove that he wasn't a Rosier after all, it would
disregard the fact that his Godfather was Barty Crouch Jr and was in Azkaban, that his
parents were powerful dark wizards who had decided to pack up and back out of the war they
had helped start and that he was truly Airakus Lupin, not Airakus Rosier .
“Was your dad the first Gryfindor in the family?” Harry asked curiously , Airakus froze, he
had slipped up already . “Erm, no, I don't live with my dad. My Parents died during the first
war, and I was taken in by a family friend, I call him Lleuad most of the time, it's W elsh.'
Airakus explained.  
He didn't think of Remus as his dad, more of what he assumed an older brother was like, so
he called him Lleuad or Rem, Dad slipping every now and then.  
Even still, he would need to get his story straight before they got of f the train, or he'd be in
for a load of explaining.
“Oh! Me as well, only well I live with my aunt and uncle, their muggles though...” Harry
explained as Hermione and Ron looked at him sympathetically . 
“Really?! At Least you got to come to school, Lleuad is a wizard but we live in W ales and wedon't get the prophet or anything so I just know magic through him!” Airakus explained as he
scratched his head.
“So you've never been to school before” Hermione asked, looking horrified.  
“Nope, Homeschooled. My ...Lleuad taught me most of the things I need to know by third
year. I've already covered Charms and DADA up until 5th year O.W .L.S so, I think I'll catch
on quickly .” Airakus chuckled, rolling his eyes slightly . 
Remus had gone a bit overboard with the teaching, it had always been a secret dream of his.
He had basically taught Airakus him to read before he could speak, driven by the fear that the
boy wouldn't be able to read as Remus hadn't either .
“No muggle school either then?” Harry asked, reminiscing about the muggle school he had
gone too.  
“Well other than Sunday school no, but I've got loads of muggle friends back in the village
near my house. Lola and David, their tossers really , think I've gone of f to some fancy rich
boarding school!” Airakus laughed.
Harry laughed in agreement, as did Hermione, the pure blood wizard raised Ron sitting
laughing awkwardly along.
The four chatted a bit longer , sharing stuf f about themselves as Airakus got to know the three
students better . Suddenly , as Airakus and Ron began yammering about quidditch with Harry
again, the train stopped!  
“Why have we stopped, we can't be there yet?” Ron asked, glancing out the window as he bit
the inside of his cheek. “Maybe we've broken down?” Hermione shrugged nervously as
Airakus joined Ron at the window , frost covering the glass as the room grew dark and cold...
Airakus smelt it.
Ron sat back down as Hermione and Harry reasoned as to why they had stopped, he smelt it!  
Airakus’ s senses were extremely enhanced and he felt them approach, dark creatures that
were not him nor Remus, who Airakus knew had just woken up, probably due to the rotting
stench of the darkness.  
Airakus could feel the magic of every student on that train and suddenly it was dimmer ,
sheeted with the dark ener gy of those monsters.
“EXPECT O PATRONUM!” Remus shouted at the Dementor that had entered their
compartment, the mans blanket falling from him to reveal a pale face, drained from his
wolfsbane.
The Dementor was blasted back and flew of f, the lights coming back on and the heat
returning as Hermione and Ron kneeled around Harry who was laying on the seat
unconscious.  
Airakus stood with his wand in hand, Remus had taken the spell right out of the boy's mouth.
“Remus, what the fu….” Airakus began but was interrupted by Remus pushing Hermione
and Ron aside as he sat Harry up.  
Airakus sitting next to the boy who lived as Hermione and Ron spoke to Remus anxiously ,
asking him what was happening and what the creature had been, all the while AIrakus sat,eyes wide, staring at his guardian waiting for the mans instructions. Harry came to and
Remus gave him chocolate, sitting with the others across from Harry . "What was that?" Harry
asked, taking a small bite of the chocolate as he glanced towards Airakus who was still
staring at Remus. "It was a Dementor ...one of the guards of Azkaban. They were searching
the train for Sirius Black." Remus said it as if it were another news article, as if he wasn't
speaking about the love of his life. "Eat. Y ou'll feel better . Now I'm going to go have a word
with the driver ." Remus nodded before he left, Airakus sighing slightly , aware that Remus
was leaving for the same reason Airakus had been so shocked earlier in the train ride. Harry
looked exactly like James.
“A Dementor?” Ron exclaimed as he paced the compartment.  
Airakus and Harry both ate chocolate, passing the bar back and forth as Hermione tried to
calm Ron down.  
“They were looking for Sirius Black, nothing to worry about, nobody's hurt!” Hermione told
Ron again, as if Remus had not just said it a few moments before.
“Airakus, how did you know Professor Lupin?” Hermione asked suddenly , when she realised
that the two had spoken to each other like friends after the Dementor was gone.  
“He's knows my parents.” Airakus brushed her of f as he grasped his wand tightly; he had
refused to put it away , nervous that the Dementor would return.  
Harry was none the wiser that this wand was his dads, but Airakus could feel the magic
pulling at him.  
Airakus had had a few run-ins with Dementors before, they made him relive the faint
memories of being bitten, watching his mother die, transforming for the first few times in
pain and terror , the attack with Fenrir Greyback when he had almost died from the cruciatus
curse.  
He had perfected a full body patronus already , which was a wolf as anticipated.
“Airakus, why do you still have your wand out?” Harry asked as he ate some more chocolate,
getting his robes out of his trunk to go and change.  
Airakus looked at Harry wide eyed, shit, dads wand, shit.  
“I hate those things, scare my bollocks of f every time I see one!” Airakus sighed as he
hesitantly put his wand away .
“A woman was screaming,” Harry tried to explain after a few more moments of silence.  
“No one was screaming Harry ,” Hermione sighed.
Airakus knew that Harry had most likely heard his mothers screams, just like he did in his
nightmares.
Only Harry had never met a Dementor before, so he wasn't going to go on blabbering his
knowledge of dark creatures and dead mothers to his new friends.  
“Don't worry mate, you'll be fine, they won't be back anytime soon, well be at the castle in an
hour anyways!” Airakus checked his watch.  
“Let's go put on our robes”, Ron added and the kids dispersed to change.
Airakus opted to change in the bathroom, alone.  
He wasn't ashamed of his scars but he knew that even in the compartment all three kids hadbeen silently judging the gashes across his arms, neck and face that they could see. Being butt
naked in front of them wasn't the most ideal situation.
Airakus looked at himself in the mirror before changing into his black robes, leaving his doc
martens on. He was being specially treated since he was new , which scared him slightly given
he was attempting to avoid attention being on him.
He wouldn't be going in with the first years, he would be taken to the castle by Professor
Mcgonagall who would then introduce him and sort him after the first years.  
He left the train and stood confused as Harry , Hermione and Ron stood with him
“Are you taking the carriages or something else?” Hermione asked Airakus as she grabbed
her trunk and the cat.  
“Erm, I'm being taken up in a bit I think?" Airakus sighed as he put down his trunk and
tugged on his robes, having never worn W izarding clothes before.  
“Well then, we'll see you at dinner!" Ron nodded, AIrakus nodding back to him. "Hope you
get Gryf findor!” Harry patted the boys shoulder , the three of them rushing towards some
other kids near the carriages.  
“Bye Airakus!” Hermione shouted after him as the three hopped into a carriage, disappearing
with the thestrals, the winged horses as clear to Airakus as his own hand at his side.
Airakus was about to go find Professor Mcgonagall when Remus appeared behind him from
the train.
“Waiting for Minerva I see? She'll be alone shortly!” He sighed as he stood in front of
Airakus and dropped his trunk.
Remus sighed as he grabbed Airakus by the shoulders, looking him in the eye.
“I'm so, so sorry about the dementors, Dumbledore said he's going to have a speech about it
during dinner , just, I'm so sorry! I know how much you hate them, I'm enraged that Harry got
stuck there but I'm glad you didnt...” Remus rambled, something he'd been doing more
frequently since Dumbledore's visit.
“I'll see you soon Airy , I've got to get to the castle.” Remus sighed as he hugged Airakus
tightly , letting go before looking into the boy's dark green eyes.
“Love you Remus!” Airakus stutterd out, still a bit shaken as Remus rushed of f to the
carriages. “Love you to Puppers, eat a lot at dinner . Why don't you? Got to keep the Lupin
family legacy going!” the man yelled back as he hopped onto the last carriage as it pulled
away .
Airakus laughed as he turned around, asking his head before he saw the woman standing
behind him.  
She had grey hair and a pointed face, though her eyes were soft and kind. She reminded
Airakus of someone he met before, but he couldn't remember who. The woman was wearing
round glasses and green robes a long with a black pointed hat placed nearly atop her hair .“Airakus? My how you've grown, I remember when you were just 4 or 5, just tottering
around!” Mcgonagall smiled as she hugged the boy suddenly .
Airakus stood awkwardly waiting for his professor to let go. He remembered her now , from
Remus's stories and photographs. She lived with Madame Pomfrey .
“I'm Minerva Mcgonagall, I'm your T ransfiguration Professor and Head of Gryf findor
House! Now , where was I?” Minnie asked, still looking at Airakus curiously .
“Right we are going to apparate into the castle and you will wait in the corridor outside the
great hall until I call you in to be sorted alright? If you have any questions before we go feel
free to ask me!” Minerva chuckled as she took Airakus’ s arm, preparing to apparate.
“No Questions,” Airakus shook his head as he held his breath.
Chapter End Notes
If some names or capitalization on names are wrong, please ignore it, this fic is over 600
pages in my google docs right now and I've gone over it more times than I can count (Its
not even halfway done yet).  
Also how do we like some of the nicknames? I legit don't mention a lot of things more
than once so leave your need for consistency at the door bro, there's no chance.Hogwarts
Chapter Summary
Airakus arrives at Hogwarts.  
Live laugh love Seamus Finnagains raging ADHD (hes so me fr).
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Now that our first years have been sorted, I have some news for you all!” Dumbledore
boomed across the great hall that was now filled with buzzing students.  
“First of all, everyone give a warm welcome to Professor Lupin, who has agreed to fill the
position of Defence Against The Dark Arts Professor!” Dumbledore said as Remus stood and
bowed to the clapping students.  
Harry , Hermione and Ron clapped loudsets of all, Hermione muttering things about learning
and O.W .L.S which they didn't have for two more years.
“And one more thing before we eat! This year , Hogwarts is glad to have a new student
joining us! Now , give a warm welcome to Airakus Rosier!” Dumbeldore smiled, raising his
arms.  
The entire great hall turned to look at Airakus as the lar ge wooden doors to the great hall
swung open. The tall boy stood just outside the door , biting the inside of his cheek anxiously
as he played with his robe pocket tediously .
‘You are Airakus Gatsby Rosier , you are better than everyone here.’ Airakus recited to
himself, trying to shake the nerves as he swallowed the lump in his throat.  
He walked through the Gryf findor an Ravenclaw tables, head pounding as he made his way
towards the sorting hat.  
Everyone was silent other than the whispers Airakus could overhear , some students
mumbling about his scars, his hair , what house he would be in, a few Slytherins muttering
things about his surname.  
“Hi Airy!” Hermione whispered at the boy who was now sitting a few feet away from the
Gryfindor table.
Airakus smiled at the girl before he sat down on the stool, feeling far too tall for it.  
The hat smelt funny to Airakus, and he had a horrible fear that it had lice littering its lining.
“Ah, another Black? Rosier? No Lupin? Mixture of all I see…! Pureblood, but a sense of
determination. Struggles, struggles that show bravery…” The sorting hat spoke, Airakus
praying that nobody else could hear it.“Slytherin on one side, you'd do well in Slytherin...but that's not where you'd thrive. Dif ficult,
very, very dif ficult, better be……GR YFFINDOR!” The sorting hat shouted as Airakus
grinned widely , his robes transforming magically as he stood, the Gryf findor table erupting
into applause as he sat beside Harry with a smile.  
Harry nudged Airakus in the ribs with a chuckle as Hermione smiled sweetly at the boy , Ron
whispering congrats under his breath.
Dinner began and everyone turned to Airakus.  
“Well, you're in our dorm then!” Ron and Harry said in almost unison as Dean, Seamus and
Neville looked at the boy curiously . 
“S’pose I am!” Airakus said happily as he filled his plate with a mountain of food, ‘keeping
the family tradition alive’ as Remus had put it!
Airakus was introduced to all of the Gryfindors around, Fred and Geor ge, Ron’ s older
brothers, then Ginny his little sister . After her was Neville Longbottom, who was in their
dorm as well, along with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan who smiled and shook
Airakus's hand with a strong grip.  
Airakus talked with the others throughout dinner , and he was mid conversation with Dean
about muggle music when all the food disappeared from the table.  
Airakus walked with Harry , Hermione and Ron on the way back to Gryfindor tower . 
The castle was like a dream, just as Remus had described it.  
Airakus was glad that he had seemingly made friends, he was really overjoyed that he was
finally around wizards and others that would be like him.
Still, the boy was nervous, nervous about the amount of secrets he was keeping from his new
friends and even more nervous about the small detail Remus had for gotten to mention, Sirius
had escaped from Azkaban.  
It suddenly made sense why Remus had agreed to come teach, why he had seemed eager to
leave W ales. Because that's where Sirius would go looking for them. Airakus had feared that
Remus would be an utter disaster if anything like this ever happened. But Remus hadn't said
or done anything to hint at a breakdown yet.  
Still, Airakus knew Remus, he knew he wasn't ok.  
If anything were to happen with Sirius… the boy shook his head as he thought about it.
Airakus was nervous.  
Remus would be a disaster , worried for Harry and for Airakus who Sirius had raised for
almost a year before he had been sent to Azkaban.
As they grew closer to the tower , Airakus became unreasonably worried about the amount of
things that belonged to Harry’ s parents that the boy had in his trunk.  
He knew that he would at least have to tell Harry that he lived with Remus at some point, but
he was nervous for Harry to know the amount of things that Airakus knew about James and
Lily Potter when Harry himself barely knew anything.  
His wand had belonged to the boy's father for gods sake.
Airakus entered the boys dormitory and was given the new bed that was near the window
seat, next to Harry’ s bed, in front of Ron’ s. 
“This is just amazing! I can't believe I'm really here!” Airakus sighed as he began unpacking,
putting his clothes away and unpacking his books.  “Yea, I'm so glad I'm back!” Harry sighed as he too unpacked, putting the photograph of his
parents on his nightstand as Airakus mindlessly did the same with the picture of Remus and
him.
“Is that the new Professor?” Seamus asked slowly as he noticed the picture, “Erm…” Airakus
began but was interrupted by Ron, his saviour . 
“Yea, apparently he's friends with Airakus's parents,”.  
Airakus nodded in agreement as he swiftly escaped into the bathroom, changing out of his
robes and into pajama pants and a green t-shirt.  
Airakus left the bathroom and tossed his robe onto his bed as he sat down, pulling out his
wand from his robe pockets, followed by his few things that he still needed to unpack.
Airakus had brought a few important things from home, a crystal that T onks had given him, a
few shells that Mary had sent in packages.  
His mothers engagement ring, the other photographs that Remus had given him (Making sure
the one of him as a child was on top so that nobody was the one of James and Lily) and
Sirius’ s old Mirror , the one he shared with James.
“Are those your books Ron?” Seamus groaned as he watched Ron pull out an older looking
Potions textbook from his trunk.  
“It was Percy's alright! Potions textbooks are expensive” Ron snapped back, rolling his eyes
as Smeau put his hands up in defence.  
Airakus giggled.  
“What?” Ron asked.  
“Got mine from my Godfather , they're from the 70’ s!" Airakus held up the textbook that had
been duck taped together and had burn marks covering it, everyone laughing to the boys
expense.
Airakus sat on the edge of his bed as Seamus and Dean were brushing their teeth, Neville
already asleep, Ron putting on his Pyjamas and Harry sitting on his bed, across from Airakus.
“Harry , did you warn Airakus about the teachers and everything yet?” Seamus asked, Harry
shaking his head.  
The Irish boy scof fed as he walked over to Airakus and sat down beside him on his bed,
leaning towards the taller boy . 
“Ok, so the Professors are alright really . Mcgonagall’ s harsh with the work, but she gives us
house points cause she's the head of house. Snape teachers Potions, he's literally the devil
reincarnated so watch out for him. The students are all mostly alright, other than the
Slytherins they're all arseholes.” Seamus explained, or more so rambled as Airakus made
mental notes, nodding at the boy .
“Especially Malfoy!" Neville shuddered from his bed, apparently all the boys were now a
part of this conversation because in that moment Airakus realised they were all all sitting
around his bed.
“Who's Malfoy?” Airakus asked. He had heard the name before, Lucius and Narcissa.
Narcissa was Andromeda little sister , and Lucius and her got married after she passed her
O.W.L.S.“Draco Malfoy , nasty tosser” Seamus shivered, the short boy changing the subject after that
chill ridden comment.
Airakus was smiling as he ate more jelly beans, leftover from the train.  
He was imagining what tomorrow would bring, given classes didn't start until Monday and it
was currently Saturday night.  
He was thinking about his new friends and his life here, he was worrying about Remus, alone
in his room.  
He was so deep in thought that he barely noticed Harry staring at him, followed by Ron
staring at him, followed by Seamus staring at him.  
All three were shocked and horrified.
“What's wrong? Have I turned blue or something?” Airakus chuckled as he looked down
quickly in terror , the full moon was that W ednesday and he didn't know if he was turning or
something!? “No, erm, why , where, your scars?” Seamus spit out after stuttering a million
times.  
Airakus realised he was wearing a t-shirt.  
The same horror covered his face.
“Oh, erm, from when I got sick” Airakus spluttered out as he tried to cover his arms and neck
that were now showing, the many , many scars and marks clearly visible.  
Everyone silently returned to their activities, Seamus and Ron glancing at Airakus every few
minutes, Seamus telling Dean so that Dean didn't ask.  
Airakus crawled into bed and groaned into his pillow , he had fucked it up already! They were
never going to speak to him ever again! ‘Monster , monster , monster ’.....
Chapter End Notes
Our poor baby :(((((((((((  
Hes so Remus its crazy , but were giving him his own personality dont woryy!  
Also I pushed back the moon by a few days because I wanted him to have more time
before he had to go all beast mode.  
ALSOOOO warning that in the future I get his birthday mixed up a lot. Its May 13th if
its written correctly , but if I don't catch it it might say its in April a few times....friends?
Chapter Summary
First day at Hoggys and Airy is BEEFING.  
Live laugh love shared trauma.  
Draco Malfoy is a little bitch.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Harry shook Airakus awake the next morning at around 9, he usually slept until late
afternoon around a full moon and Airakus was growing more weary that he wouldn't be able
to hide his condition much longer , even though it had barely been a day .
“C'mon mate, sleep any longer and you'll miss your first breakfast!” Harry chuckled as the
boy pulled on his socks and sneakers.  
Harry was wearing a blue hoodie and black jeans.  
Airakus dragged himself out of bed and got dressed, green pants and a black t-shirt, not eager
to draw attention to himself once more.  
“Tired?” Airakus asked when he saw Harry yawn, the two tying their shoes.
“Kind of, woke up in the middle of the night a few times. W ent to cast a mulfato charm over
my bed when I realised you already had one covering both our beds...it spread over to me”
Harry chuckled as he glanced at Airakus nervously . 
Airakus’ s blood ran cold for a few moments.  
“Why'd you have it cast anyways if you don't mind me asking?” Harry pried at the boy with a
smirk on his face.
“I get nightmares, bad ones, wake up screaming sometimes and I didn't want to erm, scare
you lot.." Airakus passed, remembering the events of last night. "I guess I already did that!”
Airakus’ s voice cracked as he wiggled his arms, the scars very visible as he tried not to sound
like he was crying.  
Harry was silent for a moment before the boy spoke again.  
“You haven't scared me, I've got scars too, not as bad though!” Harry added as he presented
his elbow to Airakus.  
“Fell of f a swing and cut my arm open! Y ou can see the whole thing in the winter! Burn
marks from cooking, lines all over the place from scrapes and scratches.” Harry chuckled as
he stood, his shoes tied.  
“You haven't scared us of f yet mate, it's not like you're a horrid beast or anything!” Harry
chuckled.
“Yea” Airakus mumbled as he followed Harry out of the dorm room.“So, what do we do all day? There's no classes on weekends right?” Airakus asked as he
walked down the stairs with Harry , the rest of Gryf findor T ower either asleep or already at
breakfast.  
“No there's no classes, we’re wizards not barbarians” Harry laughed, Airakus chuckling
along. “Well, I usually go for a walk or go flying, maybe down to the library , '' Harry said as
the two walked next to one another . 
Airakus was now realising how much Harry honestly looked like James, it scared the boy a
little bit given he hadn't even known James yet he could see him so vividly , the actions, the
small things that Harry did that Remus had told stories of James doing so often.  
The untamed hair , the round glasses, the habits, the clothes, everything…
“That sounds amazing...” Airakus sighed as he skipped slightly down the corridor , taking in
the paintings and the grounds.  
“What would you usually be doing right now? If you were still in W ales I mean?” Harry
pondered as the boys turned a corner . 
“Sleeping, but on the rare occasion that I'd be awake before noon then probably walking
down the beach or looking for sea glass, maybe go to town to visit my mates.” Airakus
sighed as he remembered the water , how he missed the glassy beach already . 
“I've never seen real sea glass before! I went to the beach once with my Uncle and Cousin but
he's a tosser , spent the entire time throwing rocks at me!” Harry chuckled, though Airakus
could hear the sadness in his voice.
“Sounds like a git” Airakus responded flatly , “Yea” Harry chuckled, “He is”.
 
Airakus and Harry entered the great hall in silence after that.  
They walked to the Gryfindor table and took a seat with Harry’ s friends, Airakus didn't dare
call them his friends to their faces yet.  
“Morning sleepyheads!” Hermione smiled as she closed her book, “What kept you in so
long?” She asked.  
Harry rolled his eyes as he filled his plate and began eating.  
“I didnt wanna get out of bed! Harry stayed back to wake me up,” Airakus explained with a
small sigh as he too filled his plate with food.
"Thanks for waiting Ron." Harry sneered sarcastically , Ron rolling his eyes.
Ron scof fed jokingly , “I was hungry” he complained with a mouthful of food which made
Harry and Airakus laugh. They ate for a while before Airakus's attention was drawn over
towards the doorway . 
Remus had walked into the great hall soon after , stopping by Airakus suddenly . 
“Good night Airy?” He asked his kid suddenly , confusing everyone around them in the hall.  
“Yea, I need to talk to you about Padfoot later . You failed to mention that to me.” Airakus
seethed as he tensed his shoulders where Remus had his hand.  
“Sorry , It slipped my mind with all the packing, I'll meet you after dinner alright?'' Remus
said reassuringly before he left Airakus with a lot of confused eyes to go eat.
“Erm…what?” Ron asked Airakus who had tried to shrug it of f and continue eating.  
“Family stuf f, not important” Airakus responded as he shoved a spoonful of scrambled eggsinto his mouth.  
Everyone returned to their meals, much to Airakus’ s delight. Eventually breakfast was
cleared and everyone began pouring out of the great hall.
“So, where to next?” Ron asked Hermione and Harry , Airakus standing behind them wearily ,
not knowing if he was being invited along or not.  
“Well, I wanted to visit Hagrid," Harry of fered.  
Hermione nodded in agreement followed by Ron.  
“Alright, Hagrid's it is!” The ginger said cheerily as he began walking towards the grounds,
Harry and Hermione beside him.  
Airakus stood silently , not knowing whether to go with the three, or to bugger of f.
“Coming Airy?” Hermione asked when she realised the boy hadn't been following.  
“Oh, erm, I didn't know if you wanted me to come?” Airakus of fered up, trying to get the
awkwardness over with.  
“Of course we do! Y ou're one of us now Airakus, too late to back out!” Harry joked as he
grabbed Airakus’ s wrist and dragged him towards the doors of the castle, Hermione and Ron
following behind, smiles on their faces.
Airakus was quite the entire walk down to Hogwarts, the grounds reminded him of the woods
back in W ales and the homesick feeling Remus had failed to mention suddenly grasped him.
They passed the Whomping W illow on the way to the ground keeper , now Professors Hut
and Airakus felt a stab of terror . 
In a few days time, he would be rushed into that very tree.  
He was more scared for the moon than he had ever been in his entire life. The W olfsbane
potion was a new thing for Remus who had never taken it before and this was Airakus’ s first
moon away from home.  
The Shrieking Shack seemed scary enough on its own, he was petrified with horror about
what it would be like inside.
They made it to the small hut and Hagrid opened the door with a wide smile.  
“There you lot are! I've been expecting you!” Hagrid said, his thick accent pushing through.  
“Who's this you've got with you?” Hagrid asked when he saw Airakus standing in between
Harry and Ron who were behind Hermione who had knocked on the door .
“Airakus sir , Airakus Rosier!” Airakus said as he reached to shake Hagrid's hand.  
“Your Evan’ s son isn't ya? Been livin with Lupin?” Hagrid said sternly , his eyebrows
furrowing.
“Yep, that's me!” Airakus gulped as he prepared for the worst.
‘Death Eater's son’ wasn't a good title.  
He was scared that people who knew his parents, know the things they did...wouldn't think to
fondly of him at first.
“Taller than I remember you god, nearly my height! Bit late for you to be starting school
though I thought you was older than a first year?!” Hagrid asked, his welcoming smile
returning as he let the boys into the hut, rushing to pour tea.  
“No, Im a third year , but yea I've just started” Airakus stutered.“Oh right, my bad, for getful I am!” Hagrid chuckled.  
The group sat and chatted for a while, mostly Hermione, Ron and Hagrid going on and on
about the Dementors and Sirius Black while Harry and Airakus sat back in silence.  
Harry in terror for his life, Airakus in terror for everyone else’ s.
By the time the Gryf findors arrived at the castle it was already lunch.  
They ate with Dean and Seamus, who Airakus began to notice were always together . 
Airakus liked Seamus, he was funny and almost as loud as Airakus was.  
They were both Kenmare Kestrels, the Irish Quidditch team, and Seamus also loved David
Bowie, which was shocking given AIrkaus had never met anyone other than David who
shared his love for muggle music.  
Airakus liked Dean as well, they both drew and loved music, and Neville was amazing too!  
The whole lot of them were really amazing and Airakus was feeling luckier as Lunch flew by .
They were just eating, minding their own business, Dean and Seamus had left a few minutes
ago to go find Ginny , leaving the others behind.  
Airakus looked across the table to Ron who was now glaring just behind Harry and Airakus,
a snarl on his face.  
“Morning” someone sneered from behind Airakus, he turned around to see a boy . His hair
was platinum blonde, almost white, hsie eyes a pale blue, nearly grey . He was standing with a
short brown haired girl and a chubby boy . All three of them were Slytherins.
“Oh who's this Potter? Got a new recruit to your band of Mudbloods and rejects?” The
blonde boy seethed.  
‘Oh’ Airakus thought, ‘this must be Malfoy’.
“Airakus Rosier , and you are?” Airakus asked, looking up at Draco casually . 
The blonde looked almost taken aback by his calmness, before his snarl returned.  
“Malfoy , Draco Malfoy .” He replied, his nose in the air like a prude.  
“Draco? Like the Constellation?” Airakus raised his eyebrows, Draco nodded slowly , his two
friends looking at each other confused behind him.  
“Cool,” Airakus nodded as he turned back around, taking a sip of his pumpkin juice.
“Did you need something Malfoy?” Harry snarled as Draco remained stood frozen behind
them.  
“Nothing from you scarhead, thought I'd talk to the new student, introduce myself!” Draco
glared down maliciously at Harry who rolled his eyes.  
“Scarhead," Airakus chuckled under his breath to Harry whose eyes went wide before he too
started laughing.
If Harry was scarhead, what was Airakus? Scar kid? Scar everywhere? Scar body? Scarman
was the best choice by far , it made him sound like a superhero.
“What's so funny?” Draco seethed.  
“Well if I'm scarhead..." Harry began nodding to Airakus who merely laughed. Airakus who
had turned around to face the Slytherins, was smirking back up at Malfoy , the fresher scar
across his nose and left side of his mouth very clear along with the other all over his face,
legs, neck, arms, everywhere.  
Draco faltered.“He's a freak, that's what he is! What's wrong with you?” Draco sneered, Airakus’ s smirk
widened.  
“I got mauled by a W erewolf!” Airakus rolled his eyes, Ron laughing.  
“Shut up W easley ,” Draco sneered  
“Oh fuck of f Blondie,” Airakus rolled his eyes as he turned around, now annoyed with the
boy.
“Mudblood” Draco seethed.  
“Pureblood you incestral arsehole.” Airakus snapped back to Draco who reached for his
wand before one of his friend grabbed his arm to stop him, dragging him away from the
Gryffindor table.
“You're a pureblood?” Ron asked.  
Airakus nodded slowly as he continued to eat.  
“Fancy a fly?” Harry broke the silence, Airakus grinning.
Chapter End Notes
The original comeback that Airakus makes is "pureblood you insestral Bleach addict"
but it was a bit too on the nose so I changed it 💀 
Anyways, dont we love bad bitch Airakus, and FRIENDSHIP GOALS with the golden
trio! 
Also just adding here that Mateo Riddle isnt in this fic at all, but Theo is... thought I'd
mention it given later on the Slytherin gang is quite important to the story ;DClasses
Chapter Summary
First few classes and some PLOOOOOTTTTTT . 
Remus and Airakus are besties.  
Seamus Finnagain and his raging ADHD AGAIN!!!!!  
Mafloy .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up the next morning for class and got to breakfast on time the next day . 
He didn't want anybody waiting up on him so he left before everyone else.  
He shared classes with Ron and Harry basically all day so they walked to their first class,
charms, together .
The day went by quickly , Airakus being bored to death but excited at the same time
throughout all his morning classes.
Lunch came and went and before anybody knew it they were walking through the corridor
towards DADA.
It was a normal class for Airakus, having been taught everything by Remus since he could
hold a wand, though everyone else seemed to be astonished by the man.  
The lesson was on Boggarts and Airakus knew better than to put himself right in front of one
of those after Remus had taught him the counter curse.  
He had encountered a boggart multiple times, one living in the old shed back at home, his
wasn't the full moon like Remus’ s, Airakus’ s was his wolf, ‘Puppers’ as Remus and his other
family called it.  
Unlike Remus he wasn't scared of the night of terror , he was scared of the problem itself.
 
Airakus hung at the back of the class, tapping his foot to the music Remus had put on whilst
the rest of the class excitedly lined up. Airakus was nervous for Harry’ s boggart but was
more distracted by Draco who was glaring daggers into the back of Airakus’ s head.
“Excellent Parvati!” Remus said giddily , basically jumping for joy that Ron had done the
counter curse so well.
Airakus was laughing every time he saw Remus’ s face, happy and excited, thrilled to be
teaching.  
Draco scof fed loudly and made a comment about Ron’ s family once the ginger had taken aspot next to Airakus at the back after his turn.  
The tall boy saw Ron’ s face and immediately mouthed the words 'fuck of f' towards Draco,
the blonde scof fing once again as Airakus and Ron began laughing and dancing around with
Dean and Seamus to the music.  
“RIDICULOUS!” Airakus heard a far too familiar voice shout and the boy was almost
immediately to Remus and Harry’ s sides as the boggart transformed from the full moon into a
balloon.
“Alright, that's enough for today if everyone could collect your books from tha back that is
the end of the lesson!” Remus ranted as he ushered everyone out of the class. Airakus
hanging back.
“I thought it would turn into V oldemort, It was Harry’ s turn, I, I didn't know what to do!”
Remus stuttered as he sat on a desk, playing with his wand as he stared at the cupboard in
horror . “It's fine Remus, you know it was just a boggart! It's the end of the lesson anyway ,
we've got to go to dinner!” Airakus reassured the man as he pulled Remus of f the desk and
put away the record, Remus standing in the middle of the room, wand still in hand.
“Play Ziggy Stardust next class, why don't you?” Airy joked as the two left the DADA
classroom and made their way to the great hall, Airakus worried someone would see him
walking with a teacher and spread some strange rumor about him being slow or something.
Airakus slept the next day , fully prepared to not get out of bed. Harry , Ron and Seamus had
all tried to get him up before he had managed to groan that he was excused from lessons and
that everyone could bugger of f.
The rest of the day went perfectly , that was until W ednesday rolled around and he felt as
though he was going to die.
“Airy , you'll be late for class, come on!” Harry poked him that morning, not wanting to leave
the boy behind.
“Fuck of f Potter let me sleep.” Airakus groaned.  
“Seamus, get him up he'll listen to you” Harry mumbled to Seamus who grinned, jumping
onto Air Klaus's bed.
“GET UP ROSIER WE'VE GOT POTIONS WITH THE SL YTHERIIIINS” Seamus sang.
“And that's a good thing, why?” Airakus sat up, his sheets falling of f to reveal his bare chest.  
Seamus ignoring the scars, he hadn't asked about them since Sunday .
“It's not, just needed you up. Now get dressed and let's go, we're going to miss breakfast!”
Seamus groaned.  
“Go without me” Airakus whined.  
“No you'll go back to bed cmon” Seamus sighed as he laid down on Dean's made bed,
looking at the framed photos on the nightstand.  
Airakus put on his robes and grabbed his books, he and Seamus dashing down the stairs and
towards the great hall.They made it to breakfast, Airakus basically ate half the table of food, and then they headed
to the dungeons for their first actual potions class.  
The first 4 had been introduced, one house per class, now they had double period before
lunch with the Slytherins.
Airakus and Seamus rushed inside and took their seats.
“Welcome, to Potions. Now , after the events of last year's partnerships in my classroom I will
be assigning potion partners to each of you. And No, they will not be your friends." Snape
sneered, Airakus, Seamus, and Harry sharing panicked glances.
“Zanbini and W easley , Parkinson and Granger , Potter and Goyle, Finnigan and
Bulstrode….erm…ah yes, Malfoy and Rosier ..” Snape continued.  
Airakus's eyes widened, his head pounding as he glanced at Seamus and Harry pleading for
help. They both shrugged, there was nothing they could do to save him now .
Airakus grabbed his books and crossed the classroom to the blonde boy who was sitting in
the back corner by the door , away from all of Airakus’ s friends.  
He was looking at the chalkboard blanky , his head resting in his hands.
His head still hurt like hell, and with the full moon that night it was no use trying to pay
attention.
Airakus sat down beside Malfoy , trying his best to stay far , far away from him.
“Go get the ingredients, I'll actually make the potion given you're incapable of doing
anything right” Draco sneered.
“I'm fully capable, but whatever you say Malfoy '' Airakus sighed as he got up and stumbled
to the supply closet, grabbing the best of the ingredients before returning to his seat.
Airakus watched as Draco mixed the potions slowly . “Hand me the tentacula," Draco
mumbled, Airakus heard him, handing him the amount of leaves he needed.  
“Perfect, let it boil for ten minutes and we’ll be done,” Malfoy sighed.
“Great!” Airakus groaned.  
“What now?” Draco sneered.  
“I've gotta sit here with you for 10 minutes” Airakus rolled his eyes.
“Hate to burst your bubble blondie but I'd rather not,” Airakus sighed.
Draco scof fed.
“Yea, like I want you here, Snapes just being a bastard because last year we picked our
partners and Finnagain and Thomas exploded their caudron everyday! Like he doesn't do it
every class on his own anyways.” Draco scof fed, nodding towards Seamus whose potion was
all over the ceiling and the floors.
“Well there, that's that, we don't like each other , agreed”  
“Correction, we hate each other”  “Despise”  
“Yep, I despise you Malfoy”  
“And I you Rosier” Draco sneered, and those were all the words spoken for the rest of class.
Chapter End Notes
And it begins.The first moon
Chapter Summary
First full moon at Hoggys :p  
Airakus has friends now , be preapred for friendhsips to just be there (I hate writing
akward forming shit other than its for a realtionship)  
Poppy Pomfrey is QUEEN
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
That night after dinner Airakus slid out of the dorm, claiming he had a stomach ache.  
He followed Remus and Madame Pomfrey across the dark grounds, trying to tune put their
conversation and control his rapid breathing, knowing the stress would make his
transformation worse.
Still, it was rough that night. Airakus received a new scar across his collarbone, Remus a few
scratches on his ankles. The potion had worked for Remus, but Airakus’ s, too young to take
it, had been angry in his wolf form all night. He needed to rest, he didn't leave the hospital
wing Thursday , remaining asleep the entire day . Friday morning Airakus woke up to the
sound of people ar guing.
He sat up in his hospital bed to notice Remus’ s empty , clearly he had recovered quickly .
Airakus looked towards the commotion to see Harry , Ron and Hermione standing in the
doorway of the hospital wing, Madame Pomfrey holding them back telling them that he was
resting and wanted to be disturbed.
“Mornin!” Airakus yawned loudly which made Poppy drop her arms in defeat before rushing
to Airakus's bedside to provide him his healing potions.  
“AIRAKUS!” Harry , Ron and Hermione shouted in unison as they all rushed to their new
friends bedside.  
“Are you alright, what happened?” Hermione reambled as Ron stood behind her nervously ,
Harry sat in the chair beside Airakus’ s bed.  
“Sick” Airakus said defensively . Poppy patting his shoulder as she turned and headed to her
storage room to grab some things..
“What's that from?” Ron asked nervously . “Dunno” Airakus shrugged dismissing Ron.  
Hermione raised an eyebrow in disbelief as Harry and Ron nodded, not bothering to ask any
more questions.
Airakus locked eyes with Hermione as he shrugged, followed by seething in pain from
moving his shoulder . “Is that why Remus wasn't in class? Because he was with you?” Harry asked Airakus as he
grasped the bed spread tightly , trying not to cry from how much his shoulder hurt.
“Erm, yea” Airakus replied shortly as he took in another sharp deep breath.  
“Lucky you didnt dislocate your shoulder Airakus, better if you stay here another night”
Poppy sighed after she had returned. “Please can I sleep in the dorm? I won't go anywhere, I
just want my things Madame Pomfrey!” Airakus reasoned with the healer . She paused before
shaking her head. "Oh alright," Poppy sighed. "Y ou're just like your dad." She disappeared
into her of fice after that.
“Your dad, or your erm, father?” Ron asked nervously , “My dad, not father . We don't talk
about my father .” Airakus muttered awkwardly as he sat up slightly , using his uninjured arm
to support him. “Right, that makes sense.” Harry nodded, glancing at Ron and Hermione.
They didn't understand half of the things Airakus explained about his family , given the boy
had avoided calling his dad anything other than dad and his actual family remaining mostly
secretive, he didn't feel like chatting about his dead death eater father and his dead death eater
mother anyway
 
The next day , Seamus and Ron tried to drag Airakus out of bed but he was out cold, so they
surrendered and went to dinner . He slept all day Friday , all night and all morning Saturday ,
nightmare free from Madame Pomfrey's dreamless sleep draughts. When Airakus finally
woke up it was already dinner , Saturday night creeping up on him. He was starving.  
The entirety of Gryf findor tower was empty , given it was a warm sunny day that Airakus had
sadly missed and most of the Gryfindors would be outside at this time.  
Airakus wandered down the stairs and into the common room where he was surprised to
bump into Percy W easley , the head boy and one of Ron's many brothers.
“Airakus! So great to see you again! Sorry , that was rude!” Percy apologised when he noticed
the semi shocked and scared look on the younger boy's face.
“Im Percy W easley , we've met before, I just wanted to know how you're settling in. I've got to
check on all the first year boys and such, thought I should check on you as well!” Percy said
as he scratched his arm nervously
Percy , was the youngest of the three W easley boys that Airakus had met when Arthur payed
Remus visits. Airakus was around 4 or 5 when Arthur had taken Bill, Charlie and Percy for
dinner at the cottage while Molly had taken Fred,Geor ge and a little Ron to her cousins for a
holiday . Bill and Charlie had continued to visit with Arthur , the other kids like Percy and the
twins not coming once Airakus began truly transforming and receiving scars on full moons.
Airakus remembered Bill and Charlie well, given they taught him how to do a cartwheel their
first visit and continued to visit until Airakus’ s tenth birthday , after the incident Remus didn't
allow many visitors other than T onks and Moody . Percy however , Airakus barely
remembered. He had stayed with his father the entire night when he had visited with his
brothers.  “Oh right, I remember you!” Airakus nodded slightly as Percy visibly relaxed.  
“Sorry , I'm a bit tired, I have been ill the past few days, been excused from classes since
Wednesday .” Airakus explained as he was attempting to get out of this conversation as
quickly as possible and straight to dinner where his friends would be.  
“Oh, I'm aware of your , erm, situation Airakus, that's why I've sought you out to speak to
you!” Percy reminded Airakus who had for gotten that the head boy and girl knew that he was
a Werewolf!
“Oh, right, well erm, yea, I'm rather starving, barely eaten in five days and if you know
anything about W erewolves you know how fucking hungry I can get,” Airakus ranted a bit,
his knee shaking. He didn't like Percy very much, he seemed like an arrogant stuck up git and
the tone in the ginger's voice alone was setting of f the hungry wolf inside him.  
Percy swallowed the lump forming in his throat, Airakus looked like he could eat Percy right
now and given the harsh stereotypes surrounding Airakus’ s condition, Percy half believed he
was about to!
“My apologies but I just need to know how you're fitting in, any problems? Any
complaints?” Percy pried, clearly not understanding that Airakus was implying that he
needed to bugger of f. “No problems, Malfoys, a piece of work and the hand soap in the
bathrooms upstairs smell funny but other than that, all good Perc!” Airakus said sarcastically
with a thumbs up. Percy , again, didn't get the hint and merely smiled wearily , the thought that
Airakus was going to eat him leaving his head as soon as it had come.  
“Brilliant, I won't hold you back any longer , go on and eat!” Percy chuckled as Airakus
basically ran past him and out the portrait hole. God how hungry he was!
Airakus entered the great hall and was immediately consumed by Hermione, she had clearly
been waiting for him and now he could barely breath due to the frizzy hair covering his
mouth. “Mione….I…cant……breath!” Airakus mumbled out, Hermione finally let go of him
and smiled weakly . “Harry and Ron for got to mention that they didn't wake you up for lunch
today , me and Ginny have been looking for you since noon!” Hermione chuckled as she
nodded towards a short ginger girl who was sitting next to Harry , giggling as he played with
his food.
Airakus hadn't properly met Ginny before but his first impression of her was that she was
definitely younger than him, she could have passed for a first year if she tried and that wasn't
even pushing it. Her straight dark red hair made her face look round and young and the pink
hair clip in her hair made her look like a rather young child.
Airakus sat down across from Harry , Ginny and Ron with Hermione to his left. Harry
dropped his fork and began rambling about how he for got to wake Airakus up and how he
was sorry . “You're a git, if you had gotten me up a few minutes ago then I wouldn't have run
into Percy!” Airakus mocked.  
Ron laughed out loud, so did Harry . 
Hermione and Ginny looked viciously angry .
“Percy isn't that bad! Y ou lot are the horrid ones for joking about him! He's not the one that's
nearly gotten expelled half a dozen times in two years!” Hermione sighed as Harry and Ron
fell silent.Airakus chuckled, “I for got about the…..incident last year! Lleuad was in a panic about it for
months, and it did not help the…..” Airakus froze, he had just about said full moon but he
had stopped himself.
“It was horrible! Dumbledore shouldn't have even let the chamber remain in the school, he
should have looked for it more! And they shouldn't have kept the philosopher's stone here in
first year , Quirrel wouldn't have even applied for the job and, you know who, would have
never gotten into the school!” Hermione ranted in anger , whispering ‘you know who’ so that
she didn't draw attention.
The mention of V oldemort made both Harry and Airakus shiver . Harry’ s parents had been
killed by V oldemort, as had Airakus’ s, Harry had been raised in an abusive home as a result,
Airakus was a W erewolf as a result. They had more in common than they realised and
Airakus was beginning to fear it! “Can we not talk about it?” Harry asked sheepishly as he
picked at the skin around his nails. Airakus noticed this and tapped Harry’ s foot with his own
under the table, giving the boy an apologetic look when he looked up.
“Of course, sorry Harry!” Ginny said as she drank some water from her goblet. “You're
Ginny , right? Ron's little sister? W e haven't properly met yet." Airakus asked, trying to get
the introduction over with. “Yes, I am. Y ou are Airakus right? Ron and Harry’ s new dorm
mate!” Ginny assumed as she looked at Airakus intricately , meeting his eyes after she was
done with her little examination.
“Erm…yea” Airakus responded as he suddenly felt small sitting next to the young girl. Ginny
chuckled slightly as she stood suddenly . “Well, I'm of f to find Luna.” She said as she stood,
pushing out the bench. "Luna Love good?" Airakus asked, his eyebrows hotting up as Ginny
ignored him, rushing out of the great hall leaving the 3rd year with a furrowed brow . “That
was strange…” Ron said as she began eating again. “Y ea” Harry agreed before all four of the
kids dived into their plates, Airakus not wasting another minute before he had eaten 4
helpings of everything.
Chapter End Notes
Werewolf things everybody!  
Be prepared for Percy given hes in this quite a bit, hes less anoying later on dont worry
guys!Blondie
Chapter Summary
Few weeks into term, Airakus cant sleep, Quidditch and Malfoy
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next few weeks went on the same.
Airakus would be woken up by Harry or Seamus towards the end of breakfast, every once in
a while Neville would work up the courage and poke him with Harry’ s broomstick but
Airakus learned quickly that the majority of Gryf findor tower , more like the school in
general, were scared of him.
That day had gone by relatively normal as well, extraordinary yet ordinary all the same.
Seamus had hit him with a pillow and woken him up 20 minutes before the end of breakfast.  
The two boys had run down to the great hall and stuf fed their mouths and pockets with food.  
Class was boring and Airakus ignored Draco in potions for the most part.
That night at dinner , Airakus caught himself staring of f into space. It was odd. He wasn't
eating well, he needed to talk to Remus.  
After dinner he told his friends that he didn't feel good and instead of going to the hospital
wing like he claimed he was going to, he headed to the DADA room,
He walked through the tower and into the back room.  
“Rem, somethings wrong," Airakus said, making Remus who wasn't aware he had entered
the room.  
“What?” Remus asked, standing from his desk and inspecting his godson closely . 
“I barely ate dinner , moons in a week, I shouldn't be this jumpy .” Airakus strained anxiously . 
Remus ruf fled his hair with a small smile.
“First few moons away from home were the worst, it was bad for me too. Y ou’ll be alright
puppers, just hang in a little longer and then it's over with until Halloween.” Remus smiled.  
Airakus nodded, rolling his eyes the minute he was out of the room.  
He hated being a W erewolf, it was so inconvenient.
Airakus was walking back to the common room, and it was almost past curfew so there were
barely any students in the halls around the classrooms.  
Airakus decided to take a pathway that led to the common room, he knew where all the
passageways in school were, Remus had been sure to educate him about that, he had the
Marauder's Map engraved in his head.He snuck back into the tower and upstairs to his dorm.  
Seamus was laying on Dean's bed, as per usual Airakus thought.  
Dean and Ron were in an intense game of W izards Chess, Harry was in the shower and
Neville was out cold.  
It wasn't even nine yet.
“Where have you been mate, it's past curfew!?” Dean asked.  
“Calm down mom, it's only like 45 minutes past and besides, I was with a professor .”
Airakus shrugged Dean of f. 
“Yea mom” Seamus chuckled from the bed.
“Is he ok?” Ron asked again.  
“No Ronald I am not ok!” Seamus groaned as he crawled under Dean's covers.  
“Is he drunk right now?” Airakus asked, “No, Geor ge jinxed him, he's just weird” Dean
sighed.  
Airakus sat down on his bed and watched the game, nibbling on the chocolate bar he had left
in his drawer .
Airakus couldn't sleep that night, and by five he had decided that sleep was for weeklings
anyways.
He threw on his Red sweater and grey sweatpants before taking of f to the Quidditch Pitch,
deciding to go down for a Saturday morning fly , he'd have the pitch to himself for a few
hours.
He grabbed one of the school brooms and after at least 30 minutes of flying Airakus decided
to grab a quaf fle.
He took back of f and was tossing the ball around when he saw a familiar blonde dot walk
across the field and mount their broom.
Draco Malfoy . 
Perfect.
Airakus stayed hovering high above the pitch, but Malfoy saw him and flew up towards him.
“Bit early for flying Rosier?” Malfoy remarked blandly . 
“Same to you Blondie” Airakus smirked.
Draco scof fed.
“Keep goal for me?” Malfoy said, in his usual sneer . 
“Alright.” Airakus shrugged as he tossed Malfoy the quaf fle, soaring into the net.
He blocked every attempt at a score Mafloy made.  
“Ok Arsehole, you're cheating!” Malfoy announced as he landed beside Airakus who was
putting away the quaf fle into the ball case, it had begun to rain and they couldn't fly anymore.
“How?” Airakus raised an eyebrow , Malfoy was getting on his nerves.“You just are,”  
“Oh come of f it Blondie, why are you such a fucking prick!?”  
“Don't call me that scarface”  
“Alright inbred”  
“Shut up orphan”
Airakus punched him.
He had tried to keep his cool for weeks, weeks of Malfoy in class, and weeks of him and
Harry avoiding the blonde in the halls.  
But that was his final straw .
The two boys were now in a pile of mud on the ground, wrestling angrily . 
Airakus got Malfoy pinned and was now on top of him, that's when they made eye contact.  
Airakus got of f immediately and grabbed his broom, leaving the pitch with a huf fed swear .
“I'm going to get changed” Airakus mumbled, Malfoy following him begrudgingly . 
Airakus took a shower and came back out in his extra shorts, he hadn't brought another shirt.
He ran his hands through his hair and began cleaning of f the quaf fle that was covered in mud
when Malfoy came out of the shower room.
“You got mud in my hair , you're lucky I brought my shampoo.” He sneered.
“Oh, the pretty princess needs his hair to be perfect, I didn't even bring other clothes! Now
I've gotta walk back upstairs half naked!” Airakus groaned.
Malfoy was staring at him without his uniform to hide in, his skin visible, the skin filled to
the brim with scars.
“I know you're just gonna hit me again, but what really happened?” Malfoy asked, closing his
eyes to brace for another punch.  
Airakus scof fed. 
“I'm not gonna hit you Blondie,” Airakus sighed.  
“I shouldn't have done that, I'm sorry” he held his breath.
He didn't want to apologise to this git, but still he felt obligated to.
“Oh are you now?” Malfoy raised his eyebrows.  
“I won't tell you what happened if you don't shuddup.”  
“Fine sorry”  
“Did you just apologise to me mortal enemy? Thought we despised each other?”  
“Still do and you apologized first!” Malfoy put his hands up in defence.
Airakus chuckled, the faint whisper of a laugh passed Malfoy’ s lips.  
“Are you going to tell me or not?” Malfoy began, but Airakus interrupted him with a sigh.
“Got attacked by a W erewolf when I was a kid, it killed my mom.”  
The Slytherin went dead silent.“Oh fuck of f mate be serious." Malfoy scof fed, looking up to see Airkaus's face, eyes heavy ,
smile dropped. "Oh…wow…I thought that was a joke...” Malfoy stuttered out, not breaking
eye contact with Airakus.
“Yep, thanks for calling me an Orphan by the way , real great to hear that at seven in the
fucking morning.” Airakus scof fed sarcastically at Malfoy who was digging around in his
bag.
He threw something at Airakus, it was green and big, a blanket maybe?  
Airakus unrolled it to reveal a Slytherin sweatshirt.
“For the walk back.” Malfoy mumbled, but again, Airakus heard him.  
Airakus smirked as he tugged the sweat on, it smelled like Malfoy . 
“Thanks Blondie”  
“Don't call me that”  
“Whatever Blondieee”  
“I'll take that back” Malfoy snarled.  
“Oh shuddup,” Airakus replied.  
“I'll give it to you in class, or I'll walk it to the dungeons after I change whatever ,” Airakus
offered, Malfoy shook his head.  
“Keep it, the green it, erm, your eyes are green, the jumpers green…..just keep it” Malfoy
mumbled the last part.
“Looking at my eyes, Blondie?” Airakus smirked.  
“I'm being rather nice right now , so stop talking before I hex you!” Malfoy seethed as he
slung his bag over his shoulder and stocked out of the room leaving Airakus standing with his
dirty clothes and the sweater of the boy he despised.
Chapter End Notes
jump scare, they are gay . 
Idc that Mafloys evil in the books hes gonna be less evil in my fics :P  
So tired ofcopy pasting, so, so very tired.The Grim
Chapter Summary
PLOOTTTT  
He has friends now guys!!!  
The grimmmmmm
“Well, Harry’ s got sort of a wonky cross, and that's trials and suf fering. That there could
be the sun, which means happiness, so you're gonna suf fer but you're gonna be happy
about it?” Ron said confused as he looked to Airakus and Hermione for help, Hermione
staring at her own cup baf fled and Airakus shrugging more confused than Ron was. -
love this ngl
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next few weeks passed by like the wind.  
The next full moon wasn't until Halloween so the entire month of October was a repetitive
dream to Airakus.
Airakus would be woken up by Harry or Seamus towards the end of breakfast, every once in
a while Neville would work up the courage and poke him with Harry’ s broomstick but
Airakus learned quickly that the majority of Gryf findor tower , more like the school in
general, was scared of him.
He would eat a million helpings of breakfast and head to classes which tended to be a bore,
he had DADA with Remus every once in a while which was always rather fun. He was top of
the class, not only because Remus was his dad but because he was ahead of his classmates in
most subjects including History which Airakus was grateful for given it was the most
draining class he had ever had to sit through.  
Potions was alright as well, Malfoy continued on with the snide comments, but there hadn't
been any actual fights between him and Airakus or his friends since the morning on the
Quidditch Pitch!
Airakus would go to his classes, eat lunch, go to more classes and then to dinner; going for
walks with Remus or playing exploding snaps with his mates afterwards.
He hadn't had many nightmares since arriving at Hogwarts, the usual enhanced memory of
his parents and his early childhood not pouring into his brain every time he closed his eyes
for once in his life.
He and Seamus grew closer over this time as well.  
The two studied together whenever the golden trio were of f doing their boring activities.  Seamus was funny , and Airakus was glad that someone here seemed to understand his jokes.
Airakus also began talking with Dean more, they both loved T -Rex and some other muggle
music which was fun to talk about.  
Dean reminded Airakus of a kid he had known from the village, he missed his muggle friends
quite a lot, but he stayed quiet about it, not eager to write David using a giant owl.
It was a few days before Halloween and Airakus was sitting with Harry , Ron and Hermione
around a few cups filled with tea leaves.  
They had been sitting for half an hour in the dusty divination room using their ‘inner eye, to
see the future’. Airakus was rubbish at Divination, he was behind in that class given Remus
never took it, far too afraid that the teacher would figure out he was a W erewolf. Sirius and
James had excelled though, blabbering out faulty prophecies to their insane teacher who had
bought it without question.
Airakus was dozing of f, as were Ron, Harry and the majority of the class who weren't
Hermione or the actual good divination students like Parvarti and Lavender who were top of
that class, and looked up to the bat shit crazy Professor . Trelawney was giving everyone her
usual bull, telling Neville that his grandma would die, telling Parvati to be wary of a red
haired man. She landed on their table and looked between the three boys with wide eyes.
“What have we got here?” T rewlany asked, her airy , obnoxious voice ringing inside of
Airakus’ s empty head.
“Well, Harry’ s got sort of a wonky cross, and that's trials and suf fering. That there could be
the sun, which means happiness, so you're gonna suf fer but you're gonna be happy about it?”
Ron said confused as he looked to Airakus and Hermione for help, Hermione staring at her
own cup baf fled and Airakus shrugging, more confused than Ron was.
“Give me the cup” T rewlany sighed as she ripped the teacup from Ron’ s hands. Airakus
watched as the woman spun the cup, looking at its leaves intricately , before she dropped it in
horror , the entire class going silent as the woman gasped. “My dear boy , you have…."
Trelawney paused, looking Harry deep in the eyes. "The Grim!” She exclaimed, furthur
scaring the living hell out of Harry .
The class burst out into mumbles and whispers, Hermione and Ron looking between Harry
and T relawney with furrowed brows. Airakus was sitting frozen, staring straight again, hands
white around his teacup.
The Grim was the darkest omen in Divination, Remus had told Airakus about the Grim
jokingly , given Sirius and James would taunt their Divination Professor with predictions of
the great big black dog that would no doubt show up exactly where they said it would at the
exact time.
The Grim, it was an omen of death and even though Airakus barely believed in Divination,
he knew that Sirius Black’ s animagus was a black dog, and that the tea leaves in Harry's cup
were showing a black dog.Airakus remained silent the rest of class before he ditched Muggle Studies and ran to the
DADA classroom as fast as he could.
It was 2 o’clock, the last class of the day which Airakus knew would be the first year
Hufflpuf fs and Gryf findors. He burst into the room, out of breath, horror struck across his
face.
“Airakus? What's wrong?" Remus said, the same, pale horror covering his face in a moment,
“Shouldn't you be in class?” Airakus shook his head and dashed up the stairs into Remus’ s
room.
“Need to speak to you about something important after your last class!” Airakus screeched
through a voice crack as he closed the door and fell flat onto Remus’ s bed.
He could hear Remus silencing the gossiping first years, trying his hardest not to leave his
students to see what was wrong with Airakus.
The class went by quickly given Remus let them of f early . Soon after AIrajus heard the last
student leave, Remus swung the door to his quarters open, placing his wand and a few papers
on his dresser as he sat on the end of his bed.
“What's happened?” Remus asked as he put the pile of essays he was still holding onto his
nightstand.
“Harry’ s got an omen of death in his tea leaves today in Divination.” Airakus mumbled out as
he bit his nails.
“Airakus, you know Divination is a load of shite,” Remus sighed with a slight chuckle, the
fear leaving as relief washed over the man, his laugh shaky .
“No, he got…… Harry got the Grim." Remus went pale in a moment, the colour and
seemingly breath leaving him just as it had returned.
“Sirius, it's just a load of bull. He wouldn't come here as long as he knew Dumbledore was
here! He'd be too scared!” Remus tried to reason seemingly with himself as he got up and
began pacing his small bedroom.
“Remus, what if he does come? He knows that you're here no doubt but what if he's planned
his way around it!?” Airakus asked, eager for guidance, met with nothing but matched fear .
Remus sat back down, “He would, oh merlin he would!” Remus ranted. “Is it bad that I want
him to? Airakus I want to see him.” Remus admitted, out of breath as he turned to face the
boy.
Airakus reminded silent for a moment, seeing the panicked 20 something broken man he had
been raised by crack through the educated persona Remus had taken on since arriving at the
school.
"I don't know ." Airakus repliedRemus sat in silence.
“Let's skip dinner , go down to the kitchens and get some hot chocolate," Airakus of fered as
he stood and brushed of f his pants.
Remus merely followed him, staring blankly into space. “Yea, yea that's a...that's good,”
Remus agreed as the two walked side by side out of the tower , Airakus fearfully glancing at
Remus as they headed down towards the kitchen.
They drank their hot chocolate while Airakus chatted with the house elves. Remus sat silently
looking at his mug; the mug that he had always used when he was a student.
A few of the house elves who had known Remus since he was a student were confused as to
how he managed to have a kid, but Remus didn't bother explaining and merely laughed,
Airakus snickering as he ate his melted marshmallows, the ones that floated and lumped on
the surface of his drink.
Airakus had managed to get back to the tower , after walking Remus back, which was quite an
odd dynamic to any onlookers, given usually it was the professor who escorted students back
to bed, not the other way around. The boy snuck past the fourth years in the common room
and scurried into his dormitory , he sat on his bed and took of f his shoes and his robe, untying
his tie and preparing for bed when Seamus’ s bedside lamp flicked on, making Airakus hault
in place.
“AIRAKUS ROSIER!" Someone screamed, Airakus screeching in response, jumpy from the
sudden voice. "Where you been? No note, bed empty , missing class! Y ou could have died,
you could have been seen!?” Seamus, Harry and Dean all choroused in Unison.
Ron rolled his eyes with a groan as he sank backwards onto Dean's bed and Neville
suppressed his giggles as he chewed on his Berrie Botts every flavour of beans.  
“They were starving him mummm, there were bars on his windows!” Airakus chuckled in a
mocking tone as he caught his breath, Ron groaning again.
“Well you best hope we don't put bars on your window Airakus TG Rosier!” Seamus scof fed
as he stood and chucked a pillow at the taller boy .
“Guys stop it! Y ou'll kill me.” Ron cried as the other boys began a massive pillow fight,
Neville wrapping himself in his blanket as to not be impacted by the feather filled war
machines.
Airakus was accustomed to the inside jokes now , and this monologue of Molly's had been
recited many times in the past month or so.
“Where were you really mate? Harry and Dean were waiting by the door for hours! Ron was
in a panic, saying he was going to hunt you down!” Seamus laughed as he picked up his
pillow from the floor and flopped beside Airakus on the tall boy's bed. It had been a good
while of pillow fighting and Airakus had nearly for gotten all about his terror ridden rush to
Remus's room, only to be met with the ghost filled eyes of a man eager to see a serial killer .“I was with Lupin, talking about some family stuf f. That's why I missed class.....and dinner .”
Airakus sighed as he realised just how hungry he really was.
“Don't worry , we brought you half the table full of food!” Neville chuckled as he took out a
basket full of food that was sitting on the floor next to Dean’ s bed.
“No way in Merlin,” Airakus grinned excitedly as he sat down on the floor and began
stuffing his face with food. “Y ou lot are amazing!” Airakus exclaimed through a mouth full
of food.
The boys stayed up late playing exploding snaps and wizards chess, eating sweets that
Neville's grandmother had sent in the mail that morning while they joked around and teased
one another to no end. Airakus went to bed that night truly happy , he had friends, he had a
home, he had a stomach full of food and a warm blanket covering his scarred skin.
“Please Sirius don't ruin this.” Airakus mumbled as he fell into a deep sleep, his eyes heavy ,
his head pounding.
Chapter End Notes
so this is where my timelines start getting a bit if fy so bare with me everybody . 
Also Airakus's relationship with Sirius is a bit odd in this fic just becuase alot of their
interactions are from an older version wehre Airakus was regulus's son instead of Evans.  
Haloweeeeeeeen.Halloween
Chapter Summary
Halloween, along with a full moon and some chatting with the enemy . 
-sleeping with the enemy- tv girl-
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up the next morning with a pounding headache and a piercing pain in his
shoulder .
He had been getting both every other day it seemed, ever since the last full moon; though
recently it was getting worse.  
He had a few nightmares that night, not the best thing to wake up to, the familiar sound of
screams and the image of your dead mother burned into the back of your eyes, like when you
see your parents naked, or when you catch a close up of roadkill.
Airakus crawled out of bed and took a shower , trying to calm his shoulder down with a few
charms but nothing sticked.
Airakus walked back through the dormitory and woke Harry up.  
“Mate, class doesn't start for two hours, merlin, why are you awake?” Harry groaned as he sat
up slightly , reaching for his glasses.
“Sorry , just wanted to tell you that my shoulders bothering me so I'm going down to see
Madame Pomfrey .” Airakus said apologetically as he turned on his heel and went to leave.
Harry jumped out of bed and rushed after him.
“I'm going with you!” Harry yelled after Airakus as he caught up to the boy in the staircase,
Airakus groaning internally .
The sun was rising by the time they made it to the hospital wing. Madame Pomfrey had just
woken up, her hair a mess. She was wearing her robes, accompanied by her slippers. She
took Airakus to one of the empty beds, Harry sitting down beside him as he glanced between
his roommate and the Medi-W itch nervously .
“Lord. Y ou've got to be more careful with that shoulder dear , it looks as if you were bashing
it against a wall or something.” Madame Pomfrey sighed as she inspected Airakus’ s now bare
shoulder .
“That's what it feels like!” Airakus seethed as Madame Pomfrey prodded at a soft spot.Quite suddenly she turned from Airakus to Harry , pointed a stern finger towards the doorway .
“Potter out, you've got class! T ell your professors that Airakus is excused from lessons
today!” Madame Pomfrey ordered, making Harry and Airakus both very confused, Airakus
slightly alarmed.
Harry tried to protest but Madame Pomfrey forced him out of the infirmary , returning to
Airakus’ s side as the boy watched Harry apprehensively head back towards the dorms.
“It's too close to the moon for you to be out and about with an injury . Your transformations
are painful, but with this level of injury ..." Poppy shook her head. "Let's just say it gets worth
with...." “Age” Airakus interrupted her . “Yea I know . I barely even transformed until I was 5,
then it just got worse every time. Remus said it'll be the worst while I'm growing up or
something.” Airakus explained to Madame Pomfrey who had taken a seat where Harry had
been a few minutes prior , her soft hand on Airakus's knee, reminding him of the ghost of
what he assumed a mother would have been like.
“Who knows?” She asked suddenly , which confused Airakus.
“About the wolf? What Poppy , want me to name names?” Airakus replied with a scof f.
“Yes actually , I need to be aware of whom I can speak to about your moods around your
transformations, your tendencies, talents. That part of you, it takes over , especially when the
transformations are rough and even more so when they are approaching. I needed to speak to
every person who knew that Remus was a W erewolf when he was your age, you're the second
one I've ever worked with...I need you to be safe.” Poppy explained quite seriously , Airakus’ s
laugh abandoned in his throat as he realised how bad his transformations really would be
getting.
Remus had gotten his scar that runs across his face when he was 14 before 4th year , that was
only around a year away for Airakus, a year left before he would be mutilated beyond repair
to everyone who got a look at his face.
“Erm, well, Y ou, the teachers I assume, the head boy and girl, Percy , Bill, Charlie, Arthur and
Molly W easley , Nymphadora T onks, Mary Macdonald, Alastor Moody , erm…..Remus
obviously , and erm, Siri….Sirius Black.” Airakus listed of f as Poppy nodded slowly .
“Thank Y ou, I'll have to talk to them all” Madame Pomfrey sighed as she handed Airakus the
draught.
“Oh, Nymphadora, Alastor , Bill, Arthur and Sirius are the only ones who would know
anything about it. They all know I'm a W erewolf but other than those few they've barely even
met me before!” Airakus explained nervously .
“Understood, now Mr .Rosier I recommend you get some sleep.” Poppy smiled as she left
Airakus and returned to her of fice, the boy watching her go with a confused furrowed brow .
He didn't like talking about being a werewolf all to much, finding the whole thing rather
unexplainable.  Alastor had been there for Airakus’ s first few transformations, so he had experience with him
around the moons he supposed.  
Tonks had taken care of Remus and Airakus after their moons when he was younger and
Sirius knew , he knew about the situation and such given Airakus was a few months older than
Harry and Sirius was there for the first year or so of Airakus’ s life.
Other than that...Airakus was alone with this, these raw teeth digging into his soul everyday ,
digging into his flesh once a month under the pale dreaded moonlight.
As Ariakus drank the sleeping drought and began to fall asleep he feared that the friendships
that he now held dear to him, as Remus had once held his, would fall apart. As soon as they
figured out what he was, he were rightfully screwed.
When Airakus woke up it was mid afternoon. He stumbled a bit as he tried to sit up but
managed to when he found a supportive hand on his back. Airakus turned to see a blue,
spikey haired witch sitting beside the bed. "Dora?" Airakus asked, groggily , rubbing his eyes.
“TONKS!” Airakus screeched as he basically launched himself onto the closest thing he had
to a sister . “How are you feeling Pup? Moons tomorrow!” T onks chuckled as she ruf fled
Airakus's hair , the boy clinging to her still, not ready to let the woman go.
“I'm feeling good!" He lied as he sat up properly in his bed. T onks looked sorrowful as she
patted the boy's head again. “I talked to Poppy about some of your tendencies and such, she
says the nail biting and all that are reactions to stressors from it all. She's prepared you
calming draughts for the panic attacks and nightmares given she's almost sure that they'll
return after this next moon. It's taking place on Halloween, not good ener gy for your
transformation... or Remus’ s,” Nymphadora sighed as she dug through her pocket, pulling out
a chocolate frog.
“I've got you your favourite though!” T onks smiled as she handed Airakus the chocolate frog.
Airakus took the frog with a small frown. He loved chocolate frogs since it was one of the
ways he could get Remus to talk about other wizards. He was taught magic and told about the
wizarding world through and through, but Remus barely ever said a word about any famous
wizards other than Dumbeldore or Harry from time to time.
Airakus ate his frog nervously . He loved seeing T onks, but her knees of nightmares was
enough to shake his bones. He was horrified of the nightmares, and the thought that they
would return.... Airakus ate his chocolate frog in silence as Nymphadora talked about her
new boyfriend Garion who worked for Newt Scamander and was very handsome, trying to
drown his thoughts.
A few hours later T onks left to meet Remus. She said she needed to go to discuss Airakus’ s
‘state’, causing the boy to scof f and wave a whiny goodbye.
Remus came with dinner that night and sat beside the cot. “It was like this when I was your
age as well. '' Remus began, Airakus knew of the bad moons, most of them had been
avoidable given Sirius, James and Peter were always there for Remus.
“I started having horrible nightmares about the night I was bitten, the night my mother was
killed in front of me. I would have panic attacks in the night. Poppy gave me the samecalming drought that she will be giving you and it works, but Airakus, I had James and Pete
and Siri, they knew , they gave me the potion when I panicked, they looked out for me and
would carry me to the hospital wing when I was too stubborn to admit that I was hurting”
Remus looked as though he might cry .
Airakus didn't know where this was going, he had heard about many funny stories, many
heartwarming stories, Remus had told Airakus about the panic attacks and the nightmares
given Airakus had been having them regularly until around July , but Airakus never thought
that Remus would be telling him those same stories in concern, the mans eyebrows in knots,
his hands in fists on the edge of the cot.
“You need your own Marauder's Airakus, or you won't last through the moons. They'll be
getting far worse now that you're older , you're turning 14 in seven months Airakus, I got this
when I was 14!” Remus muttered as he pointed at the lar ge scar across his face. “My hip,
your shoulder , it's where the painful part of being one of us starts....." Remus paused,
swallowing something that resembled a sob. "Kid, I love you so much, remember that!”
Remus nodded deeply , his face covered in the utmost serious expression as he took Airakus’ s
hand. Airy didn't realise but he was now crying, tears sliding down his face as he hugged
Remus tightly .
It would be getting worse, far worse, Airakus knew when he saw the amount of potions that
Poppy had sent Remus to put in the dorms! There were at least 15 calming draughts and they
were all lar ger than the container that the W olfsbane potion came in!
The moon was that Saturday , Halloween. Airakus slept all day Friday , or at least pretended to
be asleep so that Madame Pomfrey had an excuse to not allow any of his friends into the
infirmary . Harry , Ron, Hermione, Ginny , Neville, Dean, Seamus and Percy had all come to
check on him. He felt very wanted but he also felt guilty , they don't know why he was really
here and if they did, Airakus doubted they would come at all!
Airakus was awake all afternoon that Saturday , Remus came to get him before dinner and the
two made their way to the whomping willow . When Airakus awoke in the hospital wing he
knew something was wrong. He could sense the fear all over the castle that Sunday morning
and he was shook. He smelt it, clearly so did Remus because the older W erewolf was sitting
upright in his bed, tears in his eyes as he read his favourite book, the one he read to calm
down.
Sirius.
“Sirius broke into the castle last night!” Airakus exclaimed after Remus told him the news.
"Yes, he did," Remus sighed, his face pale, an old walking stick at his side. "The right bastard
did it on the full moon as well so I wouldn't be here, on...” Remus began, cutting himself of f
as his eyes filled with tears. It was the anniversary of James and Lily's death. That was what
he had been about to say before the sobs had filled his throat and drowned the words out.
Airakus was too focused on his shoulder , and the heavy feeling in his stomach to cry , instead
he merely sat there and listened to Remus explain what had happened with the break in, then
turning to Airakus and telling him about what had happened during the night. The moon prior
had been a bad one, his shoulder had fully dislocated this time and although it was nowhealed properly it still hurt. Airakus had the feeling that he had after nightmares when he
woke up, the all too familiar drop in his stomach lurking there all morning. Poppy had been
right.
Remus was let out of the infirmary around 3 that day , heading straight to his room for more
sleep while Airakus was kept in the hospital wing.
Remus seemed to be allowed to come and go as he pleased from the hospital wing, leaving
AIrakus in an ar gumentative state with Poppy who gave up trying to make him eat and left
AIrkaus alone with his cold lunch.
Remus came back soon and made the boy eat, the man leaving after Airakus had snarled at
him about being tired.  
Harry , Ron and Hermione ran into the room soon after Remus left. Hermione hugged Airakus
tightly , hitting his shoulder roughly which made him wince in pain.
“How are you feeling?” Hermione asked as she sat in the chair , Ron standing behind her and
Harry sitting on the end of the bed.
“Perfect!” Airakus joked his eyes as he presented her a thumbs up.
“Sick again then? Or was it just your shoulder because you look worse than you did last time.
Is that a new mark!?” Hermione ranted as she grabbed Airakus’ s arm and examined the new
scar that ran from his elbow to his wrist.
“No that's not a new scar and yes I was sick again.” Airakus sighed, Hermione raised an
eyebrow at that which made Airakus panic internally .
“How's your shoulder then?” Harry asked as he looked at Airakus’ s shoulder nervously ,
seeing the bandages. “All good, just a bit battered is all” Airakus said as he wiggled his
shoulder , hiding the violent piercing pain it caused to prove to his friends that he was alright.
“Sirius Black broke into the castle last night” Ron muttered quietly to Airakus after everyone
fell silent.
“I know , Remus told me this morning,” Airakus sighed as he sat up a bit more, shuf fling
uncomfortable.
“He ripped the fat lady painting, we all slept in the great hall.” Harry muttered as he began
bouncing his knee nervously .
“Everyone's safe though, right?” Airakus asked ur gently . “Yes, yes, nobody even saw him
other than the fat lady ...” Hermione reassures Airakus, patting Harry’ s shoulder comfortingly ,
the boy changing the subject quickly .
The four chatted for a while longer before Ron and Harry left to go practice Quidditch with
Oliver and the twins. Hermione stayed behind.
“Not going Mione?” Airakus asked when Harry and Ron had left the Hospital W ing.“The full moon” Hermione said in a hushed tone as she looked Airakus dead in the eyes.
Airakus went pale, his blood running cold in fear for a moment. “What…what about it?”
Airakus asked, putting on his best calm face. He knew where this was going. Hermione was
the brightest witch of their age, she was destined for great things, she may as well be minister
for magic. She was going to figure it out sooner or later just as James and Sirius had.
Hermione didn't speak, she just looked at Airakus, that look that she gave the boys when they
were lying to her , or when she was mad at them.
“You've been sick on the full moon twice,” Hermione said blankly . 
Airakus nearly fainted.  
“Hm, that's odd, coincidence I suppose?” Airakus lied straight through his teeth, clearly not
helping his case as the girl looked at him. Quite suddenly Hermiones face softening, the girl
tugging him close as she hugged him tightly .
Airakus pushed down the yelp he almost screamed from the pain in his shoulder once more.
“You're the least insuf ferable out of all three of you boys, Airakus, if this is what I think it is,
know that I still love you!” Hermione said under her breath, holding Airakus's hand firmly , as
if trying to tell him with her eyes that she was being serious.  
Airakus remained silent for a moment. "I don't know what you're talking about." Airakus lied
again, Hermione merely nodding as she stood, bidding the boy farewell as she left him alone
with his racing thoughts.
That afternoon Airakus was let out of the hospital wing, and that same afternoon he decided
to go for a stroll.
Sure it wasn't the afternoon when Airakus was walking back, but that was because he had
spent an hour in the Owlery , and then he had walked back to the castle and up to the
astronomy tower , and then after stopping and talking to Remus for a bit he finally decided to
head back to Gryf findor T ower .
At 9:41 pm.
“Jesus Blondie, no need to scare the shit out of me” Airakus sighed as he caught his breath.
He had just turned a corner and was suddenly face to face with none other than Draco
Malfoy .
“Sorry” the Slytherin boy said in response.  
“Stop apologizing,”  
“Why?”  
“Because it's weird, you hate me.”  
“I think I said despise,”  
“Yea that whatever .”
They hadn't broken eye contact the entire time and it was making Airakus feel very odd, his
stomach churning.“Why are you out of bed?” Malfoy asked.  
“Why are you?” Airakus seethed back, he really wasn't in the mood to get into another fight
with Malfoy right now .
“I'm doing my rounds,” Malfoy sighed.  
“You're not a prefect we’re in third year .” Airakus blanked.  
“Alright whatever I'm wandering, and besides it's barely past curfew ."
“Alright whatever .” 
“Wait, why were you in there?”  
“Talking to Professor Lupin,”  
“Is he like your dad or something?”  
“Blondie, my dads dead.”  
“Oh shit right sorry!”  
“Stop apologizing.”  
“Right.” Malfoy nodded zoned out.
“He's sort of like my godfather in a sense, I just needed to tell him something,” Airakus
sighed deciding telling Malfoy was better than going inc circles.  
“Oh look at us go, Severus is my godfather , wont let me out of his sight, it's quite annoying
don't you think?” Malfoy asked, his eyes suddenly wide as he tried to start a conversation. It
was making Airakus increasingly worried he was going to get hexed.  
“No, Remus isn't like that, he lets me do whatever really ,” Airakus chuckled slightly , shaking
his head.  
“Of course he does,” Malfoy scof fed, looking away .
Airakus laughed, Malfoy stared at him in confusion.  
“What?” Malfoy snapped, crossing his arms.
“Nothing, I just cannot believe I'm going to get caught out of bed with Draco Malfoy!”
Airakus laughed as he ran a hand down his face.
“Caught out of be…”
“STOP RIGHT THERE!" Filch yelled at the boys, Airakus grabbing Malfoy’ s wrist in a
moments act, dragging the frozen boy with him as he dashed down the corridor back towards
their common rooms, laughing all the way .
“How's my Jumper?” Malfoy asked, breaking the silence that had fallen between them.
They had gotten away from Filch by hiding in an alcove for a few minutes, they were in the
clear now .
“What?” Airakus replied, he hadn't wanted to think about the fact that one of the sweaters he
wore oftenly had been Draco Malfoy’ s a month ago, he had pushed that thought to the utmost
back of his mind.
“How's my jumper? Remember , the one I gave you? How's it doing?” Malfoy asked, his
usual snarky tone still eminent in his voice.  “You're talking about it like it's a child.” Airakus scof fed with a light chuckle. Malfoy
sounded like Ron talking about his V ictor Krum poster , or Harry about his broom, or Airakus
about his chocolate.
“Well I sure treated it like my baby when I had it, you only get one House sweatshirt, and if
you're on the team a Quidditch one.” Malfoy sighed, looking away from Airakus again.
“You gave me your house sweater? Aren't your friends wondering where it went?” Airakus
asked suddenly very aware of the fact that he was having a civilized conversation about a
borrowed hoodie with his and Harry’ s sworn mortal enemy .
“No, they don't care about that, besides, like I said before ... .it's your colour ...” Draco
mumbled the last bit, Airakus heard him and grinned.
“Here we are Blondie, thanks for nearly getting me caught, I'll be sure to repay the favour .”
Airakus grinned as he turned towards the stairs that separated the way to the dungeon and
Gryffindor T ower .
“See you tomorrow ,” Malfoy mumbled.  
“Oh, so this wasn't a one time thing Blondie?”  
“I meant in Potions class you mudblood and don't call me that!” Malfoy snapped, clearly
getting a bit annoyed with Airakus’ s teasing.  
“Oh come on I know you like it!” Airakus grinned, looking at Draco who was staring at him
with a snarl on his face.  
“Nighty night Blondie” Airakus sing-songed.
“Never again scarface” Malfoy sneered as he stalked of f down the stairs.
The day didn't seem that bad anymore as Airakus fell asleep that night, guilty thoughts in his
head.
Chapter End Notes
so this chapters a bit longer because i didnt want to split it into two sections.  
Sirius making his dramatic entrance as always, and some more Drairakus? (idk someone
help me)  
Its funny rereading this given I started this version montsh ago.  
Theyre so little, my little 13 year old buddies.Hogsmeade
Chapter Summary
November Moon passes and Hogsmeade trips begin.
PLOT
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
As November came and went another full moon took place.
Airakus made it out unscavthed but Remus wasn't so lucky . 
He injured his hip once more, and given the snow that had fallen recently the thought of
Remus attempting to walk without his old cane was stupid.
Remus had to floo back to the cabin, to find his cane.  
Airakus took the old wooden stick when Remus returned and used a few charms to freshen
up the rotting wooden cane, making the stars and messages scribbled into the wood more
visible.
Remus was smiling widely when Airakus gave him back his cane, it looked how it did the
summer before seventh year when Sirius had forced him to pack it even if he refused to admit
that his hip still hurt. They had gone on a camping trip, the muggle way . That was the
summer he and Sirius had gotten back together and Remus had told their friends he was gay .
Those stories were always the best, the memory of when James and Lily first got together ,
when Remus and Sirius fixed their relationship, before the war .
Airakus loved those stories and Remus loved those memories.
Airakus’ s nightmares had returned, slowly , but surely . 
He had glimpses of his horrible memories in his sleep, waking up suddenly . They had not
fully formed yet and the panic attacks hadn't accompanied their return, so Airakus was
hopeful that he would last until after Christmas.
Airakus was far too consumed with the thought of going to Hogsmeade to really care about
the nightmares anyways. The first Hogsmeade weekend being the coming Saturday .
Hermione, Ron and Airakus all had permission forms.  
Harry did not.
“No permission form signed, no visiting the village, that's final Potter .” Professor Mcgonagall
sighed to Harry who was chasing her down.“But professor I thought if you signed it then.....”  
“No Potter , only a parent or guardian can sign and since I am neither it would be
inappropriate!" Minerva said sternly , stopping in her tracks as she looked down at Harry . "I'm
sorry Potter , that's final” Professor Mcgonagall finished before walking away , a slight frown
on both their faces.
Airakus, Ron and Hermione stood silently in the light snow . Filch was leading the other
students of f, but none of them were moving until Harry gave the OK.  
“Go on without me” Harry sighed.
Hogsmeade was amazing to say the least.
Airakus and Seamus had rushed away from the group and followed the twins to Zonkos,
going to Honeydukes and then to the three broomsticks.
“What are you doing over summer break?” Seamus asked suddenly as he and Airakus sat in a
booth together drinking their butterbears, trying to warm up.
“Nothing really , just going home,” Airakus mumbled.  
“Want to get together over the break then? Or could we spend it together completely? My
parents might go visit my cousins out east and I don't really fancy going all too much.”
Seamus admitted with a hopeful chuckle, watching Airakus.
“Yea course, I'll ask LLeuad!” Airakus grinned.  
The summer holidays with Seamus sounded perfect, much better than it would be spending
all day looking for David, that was if the boy was even in town this summer . Airakus was
looking forward to spending Christmas at the W easleys, but hanging out with Seamus proved
to be more fun time and time again.
They finished their butterbears and Seamus ran of f to the bathroom, Airakus waiting just
outside the loo as he glanced from the door back into the pub.
He was leaning against the doorframe waiting for Seamus when Malfoy walked past him
coming out of the bathroom.  
He was wearing his weird winter coat that made him look like a priss, while Airakus was just
in Remus’ s old brown jacket.  
Even though he was met with a sneer , Airakus grinned cheekily .
“Hey Blondie!” Airakus teased, Malfoy groaned in annoyance.  
“Hello Rosier ,” Malfoy scof fed as he tried to leave.  
Airakus stood in his way with a light chuckle.
“Not even gonna stop and chat with me then? Shame, I was going to ask if you wanted a
Chocolate Frog?" Airakus frowned sarcastically , Malfoy’ s eyes lighting up at the mention of
sweets.  
“Hand it over .” 
“Hand it over….”  
“Please” Malfoy mumbled.Airakus chuckled softly as he reached into his pocket, grabbing his last chocolate frog and
handing it to Malfoy , their hands brushing for a second before Airakus chuckled, pulling his
hand back and stuf fing it into his pockets.
Malfoy pocketed the chocolate, staring behind Airakus looking extremely worried and
panicked all within a second.  
“What?” Airakus asked as he glanced over his shoulder , still wearing that cheeky grin, only
to see Harry , Ron and Hermione standing in the entry way , snow covered hair , the invisibility
cloak stuf fed under Harry's arm.
Harry who would murder Airakus if he found out that he and Malfoy were even speaking to
one another . Harry who wasn't supposed to be in Hogsmeade because of Sirius.
Airakus sucked in a breath as Malfoy scowled.  
“Fuck of f Freak.” he seethed as he bumped into Airakus’ s shoulder , trying to help Airakus?  
He didn't know if that ‘fuck of f’ had been genuine or not.  
Either way , Airakus was properly fucked.
Seamus came out of the bathroom and they all sat down together , deciding to stay longer and
hangout with the other three Gryf findors.
“So, what were you doing with Malfoy?” Harry piped up after they ordered their drinks.
“Nothing? He was being an arsehole so I was fucking him around, the usual” Airakus replied.
“It's just, you're with him an awful lot, we wouldn't be mad if you two were like…”
Hermione began and Airakus’ s brain shot to something he didn't want to hear , so he
exploded.
“Merlin NO! I hate him, if I'm ever talking to that arsehole it's just for a bit of fun ok? I'm not
fucking friends with him jesus!" Airakus rattled of f. "You guys believe me right!? I've been
here with Seamus all day!” He pleaded some more, Harry chuckling slightly with a sigh.
“Got nervous mate, thought you were betraying us for that fucking twat!” Harry laughed,
Ron sharing his relieved expression as Hermione watched the boys with furrowed brows.  
“Yea, he's a real twat.” Airakus nodded, swallowing the lie, his heart pounding.
After drinks Seamus left, running after Dean like a lost dog, leaving Airakus quite literally to
the wolves.
They walked about a bit more before deciding to head back to the castle, the four were
walking past Madam Pudifoots when they saw Professor Mcgonagall and the minister for
magic.  
They all stopped in their tracks when they overheard what they were talking about!
“Rosmerta! Business going well as usual?” Fudge said as he stepped out of the carriage.
“It would be better if the ministry wasn't sending dementors in my pub every evening!”
Rosmerta waved her finger at Fudge as Mcgonagall scof fed.“We have a killer on the loose!” Fudge responded as he attempted to walk past Rosmerta into
the pub, but the witch stopped him, clearly not finished with the ar gument.
“Sirius Black in Hogsmeade? Why on earth would he come here?” Rosmerta protested to
Fudge while Mcgonagall tried her best to push them into the pub.
“Harry potter” Fudge mumbled to Rosmerta who responded by shouting confusedly .
“HARR Y POTTER?!” she screeched before Mcgonagall pushed them both into the pub.
Before Hermione, Ron or Airakus could stop him Harry had the invisibility cloak on and was
following them into the pub.
“Harry!” Hermione attempted but it was too late.  
The three friends waited outside the pub for at least ten minutes, Hermione pacing
uncontrollably while Airakus came to terms with the fact that Harry was either about to
overhear a stupid pointless conversation, or he was about to learn all about Sirius black and
James potter , all about the betrayal that halloween night, all about Remus and Airakus and
Peter Pettigrew . Airakus was horrified.
Harry came running out a few minutes later , his footprints in the snow giving him away .
Hermione, Ron and Airakus chased after him into the woods where they found him crying!
“Harry?” Hermione asked as she removed the invisibility cloak from Harry’ s head, “Harry
what's happened?” She asked as she held the crying boy's hand.
“He was their friend! They trusted him and he betrayed them! He was their friend!” Harry
cried out.  
Hermione spent the next ten minutes or so calming him down while Ron and Airakus
continuously shared nervous and worrying looks everytime Harry let out a sob.
“Now Harry , tell us what happened” Hermione said after Harry had stopped crying
uncontrollably .
“Sirius Black, was my dads best friend! After my parents went into hiding he was the secret
keeper for their location, he told V oldemort..... when...when my dads best friend Peter
Pettigrew found him after ... .after my parents had….had died. Black killed him as well! Both
of his best friends, there's only one of them left according to Mcgonagall and he's crazy or
something!” Harry exclaimed to Ron and Hermione who were now both pale and holding
Harry’ s hands comfortingly .
Airakus stood in front of the three of them frozen.
Sirius, Remus, James and Peter , the Marauders.  
Sirius 'betrayed’ James and Lily , killing Peter in the process but spared Remus. It didn't make
sense, it had never made sense.  
Maybe he had spared Remus because he was in love with him, maybe he hadn't done
anything at all.They had known of a traitor in the Order . 
Sirius had never , would never do anything to hurt James or Lily . Peter? Not so much, but
Sirius Black had spent his whole life trying to escape his family , trying to escape his reality .
Why would he so willingly throw it all away?
It had never made sense, there wasn't any real proof other than Dumbledore's lack of defence
for Black. Airakus had to stop himself from shouting at Harry that it wasn't true, given he
wasn't sure of the truth himself. He had to stop himself from defending to prison escapee and
blaming the dead poor man who Remus spoke so fondly of. He had to stop himself from
telling his friends everything. Because everything would leave him expelled and alone.
Airakus Rosier was sick of being alone.
Chapter End Notes
ngl idk if Im spelling Hogsmeade right but im to lazy to look it up.  
some more of our favs (its just me)  
Seamussssssssss Finnagain is my spirit animal.Christmas 1993/94
Chapter Summary
Christmas at the W easleys, with Remus and Airakus.  
Malfoys a bit mad I think...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next Hogsmeade visit came and went, Harry remained at the castle to speak to Remus
that day which scared Airakusa little bit. Remus and him had spoken about what had
happened in Hogsmeade, and how Harry had been misled, but still, Remus didn't have an
answer or any ideas to help Harry understand the truth, given after all there really was no
truth to explain.
Airakus asked Remus about Seamus staying with them for the summer and Remus agreed
with a smile, Airakus deciding that now would be a good time to ask about Christmas at the
Weasleys.  
Remus sighed and said that he could go to the W easleys as long as Bill or Charlie could
apparate him back to W ales for the full moon.
Airakus ran back to the Gryfindor common room right after Remus agreed. It was only a few
days before break now , nearly halfway through December .
“RON! I CAN COME FOR CHRISTMAS!” Airakus shouted, grabbing Ron of f the couch.
Ron jumped up and begin dancing around with his mate, the both of them looking like proper
idiots, Hermione watching from the couch with a small smile on her face.
“You're gonna love it! Y ou'll get to see Bill and Charlie again! Didn't you say you've met
them before?” Ron asked after the two had stopped jumping around and collapsed to the floor
in front of the raging fireplace.
“Yea, yea! I'm so excited I haven't had a proper family Christmas since I was, what, 7 years
old?” Airakus replied ener getically , that's when it dawned on him, he was leaving Remus
alone?
“Do you think your mum will mind if Professor Lupin comes as well? I was supposed to stay
there for Christmas and I don't want him to be alone.” Airakus asked in hast. Hermione
smiled as Ron stood excitedly .
“Of course he can you dumb arse! As long as the four of us all get to be together I don't think
Mum will mind! Besides, she's friends with Professor Lupin, they were in school together orsomething like that," Ron explained with a shake of his head as he took a treacle tart from the
tin of them that Harry was of fering.
Christmas couldn't have come sooner .
The Hogwarts Express came a few days later , the holidays lasted from December 23rd until
January 8th so Airakus and Remus would leave on the 1st and come back the 3rd and stay at
the W easleys until they had to return to Hogwarts.
Remus had some more paperwork to do and wouldn't be arriving at the W easleys until
Christmas eve. Airakus would be taking the train alone for the first time. He packed his
things last minute with the rest of the other boys, making their way to hogsmeade on the
carriages, the lar ge thestrals pulling them casting a nervous pit into Airakus's stomach.  
Airakus sat against the window in the compartment next to Harry , Ron across from him,
Hermione and Ginny beside Ron. The 5 were chatting away about plans for the holiday , Ron
and Harry hyping Airakus up, preparing him for the 'W easley experience' while Hermione
and Ginny snacked on Berrie Botts' every flavour beans.
“You're gonna love the burrow mate, it's the best!” Harry added cheerfully . Harry seemed
extremely excited, more excited than the rest of the kids, even Ron and Ginny who were
returning home. It was relieving to see Harry so calm, given the boy had been wound rather
tight all term. Soon enough, they were almost back in London. Airakus decided to go take a
piss and say goodbye to Neville, Seamus and Dean, leaving the compartment and walking
towards the bathroom at the back of the train.
When he pushed open the sliding door he saw somebody sitting on the counter .
“Oh! Hey Blondie, what are you doing for Christmas?” Airakus asked as he walked over and
sat beside Malfoy , awfully close.
Malfoy scof fed and got up from his seat, turning towards the door . 
“What? Are you mad I haven't been talking to you? I'm sorry ok? I've been dealing with
Christmas plans and all that!” Airakus reached, grabbing Malfoys wrist and turning him
around. He was only half lying, having been slightly avoiding the other boy , not wanting
Harry to ask him about it again.
Malfoy’ s eyebrows furrowed harshly as he stared at Airakus, his face cold and his stare filled
with emotion he lacked around other people.  
“Why are you talking to me Rosier? Here to fuck around some more? Go hangout with
Golden Boy you freak! I don't like you, I don't want to be your friend and I am not mad that
you haven't been following me around pestering me. I despise you, D-E-S-P-I-S-E, despise.”
Malfoy seethed as he shook Airakus’ s hand away and stormed out of the bathroom.
Airakus stood alone in the bathroom with ringing ears and clouded senses.  
What had he done? Malfoy was never going to speak to him again.  
Not like he cared that much.  
But being civil with Malfoy had been, well, alright.  
He had clearly heard him at the three broomsticks talking to Harry and Hermione andeveryone.  
But he knew he was lying didn't he?  
Or did Malfoy think he was actually fucking him around?!
Wait, when had this ever been more than that?  
They weren't friends or anything, so why was he so upset over it?
"You don't care. It doesn't matter . You don't care. It doesn't matter ." Airakus recited to
himself.
He threw on a smile before entering the compartment and returning to his seat. .  
“Aright Airy?” Hermione asked as Airakus sat back down.  
“Yea” Airakus sighed.
 
The train arrived at the platform soon after , the kids getting their trunks before they left the
train and rushed around finding Fred and Geor ge before Ron and Harry rushed towards two
ginger adults standing just outside the barrier!
“Mum! Dad!” Ginny squealed as she hugged her parents tightly , followed by Fred and
Geor ge. 
Ron hugged Arthur while Harry was engulfed in a hug by Molly , who then hugged Hermione
straight after .
“My dear! Airakus Rosier! Merlin, how you’ve grown!” Arthur W easley boasted as he
hugged a confused and slightly afraid Airakus.
“How are you Mr .Weasley?” Airakus asked after he came back into reality and remembered
who was hugging him.
“Just brilliant my boy! Brilliant! Is dear old dad coming round for Christmas then?” Arthur
asked as they began walking towards the exit of the station.
“Erm…yea he is. He'll be on his way by Christmas eve!” Airakus replied respectfully as the
kids trailed behind him and Arthur confused.
“Oh, we get to meet your dad Airy?” Hermione said excitedly .
“What do you mean dear? Y ou already know Professor Lupin!” Molly smiled sweetly ,
shaking her head as she led the kids to their small blue car that was parked just outside the
train station.
Arthur opened the door as the entire brigade of children froze in place.  
“Professor Lupin is Lleuad? Merlin that makes sense, how did I not figure that out!”
Hermione sighed as she entered the car defeated.
Ginny , Fred and Geor ge followed.  
Percy was rolling his eyes at Molly who was chatting with him as he too got into the car .
Arthur got into the driver's seat, Molly in the passenger .Ron and Harry shared a look before looking at Airakus, the three sitting squeezed together in
the back of the magical car .
“Why didn't you tell us mate?” Ron whispered to Airakus, loud enough so that Harry could
hear.
“My families just.... it’ s confusing alright?” Airakus responded quietly , still very nervous to
get to the Burrow , to see Bill and Charlie who would no doubt remember the young
Werewolf they had known.
“Well, I'm glad that you get a big family Christmas, with him and all of us!” Harry reassured
Airakus by patting him on the back, Airakus chuckling at that which led to the three of them
laughing hysterically , never able to keep a straight face when the three of them were
involved.
The W easleys, Hermione, Harry and Airakus, arrived at the Burrow before dinner that night.
Airakus hadn't expected the car to fly and was genuinely confused as to how they were going
to drive from London to Olde Saint Chapole before dark, but the flying made it make more
sense.
The Burrow was a tall house, warm looking even from the outside, a shed in the backyard
and a lar ge frost ridden garden stretching out, the snow and ice covering the surrounding hills
and forest in a blanket of white. It reminded Airakus of W ales a lot, of the forest and the
warm colours.
“Sorry about this mate, it's a mess really ...” Ron rambled after he had finished giving Airakus
the tour with Hermione and Harry .
“What are you on about, it's perfect!” Airakus replied with a grin as he threw his trunk onto
the floor beside the bed he had been given in Ron’ s room.
“That's what I said the first time I was here!” Harry exclaimed as he tossed his bag onto his
bed where he already had some stuf f laid out, that he had left there from last time.
“Well, Bill and Charlie will be home in about half an hour so if you two wanna unpack or
whatever I'm gonna go find Scabbers!” Ron said as he rushed of f to find his rat, more like
protecting the scrawny thing from Crookshanks.
“Mate, I can't believe Remus is your dad! What doesn't that make us like cousins or
something?” Harry asked excitedly , in Harry’ s mind their relation was that Remus and James
were like brothers, therefore Airakus and Harry would be cousins.
‘Brothers’ Airakus’ s mind wanted to correct so desperately , knowing that Harry didn't know
that Remus was his godfather and that Airakus would be his brother in that scenario.
Remus and Sirius were together , Airakus was Remus’ s son in spirit and Harry was Sirius’ s
godson therefore they were brothers, technically .“Yea I suppose so!” Airakus agreed with Harry , not only did he not want Harry knowing any
of that but he didn't want to disturb his sudden found peace in having some sort of family
other than murderous raving lunatic Sirius Black or abusive asshole muggles.
“Brilliant!” Harry said with a smile as Airakus shoved a few books under his pillow .
“I've always wanted a family that weren't complete arseholes anyways!” Harry chuckled as
he stood and gestured for Airakus to follow .
The two walked down the stairs, past Ginny’ s room where Hermione and her were sitting,
and into the living room.
“Puppers?” a voice asked from behind Harry and Airakus, Airakus turning around with a
grin.
Harry too turned to see Bill and Charlie standing in the kitchen near the door , Bill having
spoken, Charlie seemingly too stunned to speak.
“Is that W illiam and Charles W easley!?” Airakus asked with his nose in the air teasingly . He
didn't get another word out before he was engulfed into the second bear hug of the day by
both boys, Airakus laughing as Bill and Charlie shook him violently .
“It's been ages since we've seen you! Y ou must be 13 now , Jesus christ!?” Charlie went on as
he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair , inspecting the tall boy .
“Haven't seen you since your tenth birthday!” Bill added as the two continued poking and
prodding Airakus intensely .
“Fucking hell your tall” Charlie scof fed as he stood back, realizing sadly that he was shorter
than Airakus.
“Language boys!” Molly sighed as she passed them with a tray of something that smelled
like shepherd's pie, but definitely didn't look like it.
“Boys bugger of f! He's just got here!” Arthur sighed as he yanked his oldest sons of f of the
guest.
“Wait, is Remus here as well!?” Bill said excitedly , he had always loved Remus given Remus
had been the source of every cuss word that either boy knew .
“Not yet, he's coming tomorrow night!” Arthur informed his sons as he dragged the boys
back into the kitchen to get their bags.
Harry turned to Airakus with a smile.  
“Not one word to me, I see Charlie has a new favourite!” Harry joked.
Airakus rolled his eyes as the two went back into the lounge and sat down with Fred and
Geor ge to play some wizard chess.They played games until dinner , everyone chatting excitedly having not been together since
easter .
“Airakus, still got Puppers then?” Bill teased, Remus had always called Airakus ‘pup’ and
called his wolf ‘puppers’ given the phrase ‘furry little problem’ had been copyrighted by
Lupin himself.
Airakus went still, glancing at Percy who shot Bill and Charlie a glare as Arthur kicked his
son under the table, Fred holding back a chuckle while Geor ge tried not to spit out his
pumpkin juice.
Bill looked to Arthur about to protest before he saw the look on Airakus’ s face.
“You remember that old dog you and Remus used to have? W as it puppers?” Charlie said,
covering for Bill who was now sharing the look of horror and shock that Airakus had
plastered on his face.
“No, it was Padfoot," Airakus reminded Charlie who laughed nervously as he remembered
that their ‘family dog’ was really just a mass murderer before he got sent to prison.
Fred and Geor ge both stared between Airakus and Charlie in amusement and curiosity and
Harry raised an eyebrow as he tried to remember where he had heard that name before.
Airakus left the table the minute dinner was over to hide. Not only had Bill almost revealed
his secret, Charlie and Airakus himself had said Padfoot, the code name for Sirius Black that
was written on the Marauders Map, the map that 2 of their brothers and Harry James Potter
himself had all seen and read many times!
Airakus took his calming draught before falling into a deep sleep, knowing that the
nightmares were awaiting him just beyond his consciousness!
 
{It was pouring rain outside, the thunder and lightning blasting against the leaking roof of the
rented house in the countryside. A baby was crying as a woman tried to keep him quiet,
praying silently as she peered out of the window towards the horizon nervously . “It'll be
alright baby , nothing bad will happen, your blessed father made sure of that, darn Rosiers,
what are they good for?” The woman muttered as she swayed with the crying baby in her
arms. A howl, a gasp of terror , pain and suddenly , everything was red, red with blood, red
with tears, red with pain, red with fear}  
Airakus woke in a cold sweat, the ef fort he made not to scream far more painful than
anything else.
 
Harry and Ron were both asleep in that room, screeching like you've just witnessed a murder
wouldn't help, even though you had just witnessed a murder . Airakus reached for a calming
draught, downing the potion before his joints relaxed and the ur ge to scream subsided, the
fear still present.Airakus layed back down as he realised what had just happened, only a few days before the
moon and the first nightmare in months had just occurred, the memory full and realistic as it
had been his entire life.
Airakus got out of bed, deciding against sleep as he made his way down to the kitchen for a
glass of water .
It was barely 4 in the morning and Airakus was still shaken up so the boy downed 3 glasses
of water and ate 6 christmas cookies in the span of 5 minutes. The wolf was hungry .
Airakus was pouring another glass of water when he sensed someone standing behind him.
The boy turned around to see Bill sitting at the table.
“When did you get here!?” Airakus said surprised as he almost dropped his water cup.
“I've been sitting here the whole time” Bill laughed in a bit of a whisper as to not wake up the
entire house.
“Oh, didn't see you” Airakus chuckled as he sat across from Bill at the table.
“No shit” Bill responded as he took a bite of the cookie he had been holding.
“About dinner , I didn't know that they didn't know , does that make any sense?” Bill asked
Airakus who was eating another cookie.
“It's fine Bill, cmon, you slipped up and Charlie covered for you anyways” Airakus brushed
it off through a mouthful of food.
“You do still have Puppers though right?” Bill asked with a raised eyebrow ,
“No W illiam, the W erewolf part just went away in the past 3 years, no shit i've still got it Bill
'' Airakus laughed sarcastically which made Bill laugh as well.
“What are you talking about?” Charlie asked as he entered the kitchen.
“Puppers' ' Bill and Airakus said at the same time.  
The three began laughing like little kids, as they once had. Charlie sat down and took Bill’ s
cookie which led to a silent sibling fight followed by a fit of laughter .
“Do you think we woke them up?” Bill asked as the boys listened to Fred and Geor ge’s
bedroom door creak shut. “Nah, it's the twins door , they sleep like rocks." Charlie reminded
his younger brother as he lost to Airakus at exploding snaps.
“Ha! Y ou suck balls Charlie I won again! How does a grown man with a job and a wife lose
to a 13 year old asshole W erewolf at a wizards game?” Airakus taunted Charlie as he waved
around Charlie's favourite snaps that he had just won.
“I dunno maybe because I taught you how to play and you're a cheeky git?” Charlie
responded as he tackled Airakus stealing back his snaps“I won fair and square, give 'em here!” Airakus protested as Charlie held the snaps away
from him.  
Charlie shook his head and held the snaps above his mane of curly ginger hair where he
thought they would be out of reach.
Airakus just stood and grabbed the snaps given he was only a few inches shorter than the
grown man even though he was only 13.
“How tall are you exactly?” Bill asked for Charlie , who was sitting flabber gasted.
“Tall.” Airakus responded as he shoved the snaps in his pocket with a cheeky grin spread
across his face. Charlie was about to make a comment about Airakus being a tosser when
Harry appeared at the bottom of the stairs.
“Charlie, did you really just lose to Airy? That's sad, aren't you like 20?” Harry taunted the
eldest W easley as well.  
Charlie groaned and mumbled something before disappearing into the kitchen.  
Harry took a seat next to Bill on the safe, Airakus in the chair .
“Yes Hazza, yes he did just lose to Airy ." Bill said fondly as he too stood, ruf fling Airakus’ s
hair as he joined Charlie in the kitchen.
“Hazza?” Airakus mocked as he stared at Harry with another wide grin on his face.  
“Don't even ask because I don't even know!” Harry said as he showed his hands in surrender .
Airakus laughed, Harry joining him.
Breakfast was ready a few hours later and after that everyone decided to go of f into groups,
Bill, Charlie and Arthur going to wrap presents that Arthur had ‘saved for last minute’,
Hermione and Ginny going upstairs to ‘talk’ and Percy and Molly cleaning up and preparing
the leftover bedroom for Remus.
“What now?” Harry asked Ron and Airakus. Ron shrugged but Airakus had a wide smile on
his face.  
“Ever been skating before Hazza?” Airy asked teasingly . Harry was wobbling around on the
small pond, Ron and Airakus skating around as if they were walking. Harry had never been
skating before, let alone on a pond in negative degree weather .
“You alright mate?” Airakus chuckled as he grabbed Harry’ s hands and began pulling him
around the small pond, Ron giggling crazily . “Airakus I'm going to fall!” Harry shouted as
Airakus began skating backwards faster and faster and faster until Harry did fall, Airakus
right along with him!
“You're a prick, you know that right!” Harry chuckled as he brushed the snow of f of his
jacket, Airakus doing the same with his knitted coat that Remus had given him. All three of
the boys, although two were crazily rich, looked poor as dirt at the moment. Harry in Fred’ s
skates as Airakus wore Remus’ s old ones from when he was a student, still too big.
The three were now all sitting on the ground, on the bank of the water laughing. Skating was
always Airakus’ s favourite thing to do over Christmas with Remus, they would skate on thelake, go sledding and have snowball fights just as Airakus had been doing with his new
friends, just as Remus had done with his old ones.
Molly made soup and hot cocoa for lunch, the smell of food was enough to draw everyone
back into the kitchen so she didn't even have to send Percy running about telling the lot that
lunch was ready .
Airakus and Ron told everyone about their skating experience and how Harry sucked at it,
they chatted and planned to go sledding tomorrow after breakfast and presents. After lunch
everyone went into the living room to listen to the records that Airakus had brought back
from Hogwarts W ith him. He had brought his copy of Ziggy Stardust, the Beatles and Sirius’ s
old T -Rex records. Introducing the W easleys to muggle music was interesting, the kids had
never heard it before but Arthur and Molly were dancing about and singing given they had
heard these songs played a million times at the marauders famous Gryfindor parties.
By 5 o’clock everyone was hungry again and Molly was in the kitchen with Ginny and Percy
finishing up the ham. Remus would be there any minute! Airakus was waiting just outside the
door, waiting for Remus to apparate to the burrow . Bill came outside to wait, followed by
Charlie, which led to the entire household standing on the front steps waiting for Remus.
“What a load of red heads!” Remus chuckled when he appeared right in front of the group.
He was immediately consumed in a hug by Airakus, followed by Harry , Bill, Arthur , Charlie,
Fred and Geor ge, Molly and then Percy last of all. Ron, Ginny and Hermione all stood
confused for a moment before they seemingly gave up and joined the strange group hug
taking place.
“Not to be a bother but is dinner ready? I haven't eaten all afternoon!” Remus questioned
Molly who was dragging him inside by his free hand. “Of course dinner ’s ready , have you
met Remus?” She joked as she entered the house, the smell of Ham and Potatoes filling
Remus’ s nose as he took a seat at the end of the table, opposite Arthur .
The seating arrangement for dinner went like this, Remus at the end of the table, Bill and
Charlie to either side of him. Harry , Hermione, Ron, Percy and Arthur were in the row beside
Charlie and Airakus, the twins, Ginny and Molly were in the opposite row , everyone talking
at the same damn time! Airakus grabbed his plate and filled it up, knowing he couldn't eat a
million helpings given this food wasn't endless like it was at Hogwarts. Everyone began
chatting, mostly everyone began talking to Remus and asking where he had been.
“I had papers to grade, didn't want to haul them all here and sit doing work all day ,” Remus
explained with a smile as he began eating his ham.
“How long has it been since you were here for Christmas Remus? it must be 10 years!”
Arthur chuckled. “12” Remus corrected him. “After , well, you know , we didn't come for
holidays, only dinner '' Remus said with a sad smile that made Molly and Arthur go silent.  
Airakus knew what he was talking about, after Sirius went to jail they didn't go to the
Weasleys for holidays, they also now had 6 kids and adding 2 more hungry W erewolves to
the mix wouldn't save Molly and Arthur any time or money .“House looks great, Mills! Is that a new stove?” Remus asked, trying to break the
uncomfortable silence that had fallen at the usually loud table.  
“Why yes it is…” Molly began which seemed to let everyone know to start their own
conversations since the stove was a topic Molly loves to endlessly ramble on about.
Dinner ended and they ate the massive carrot cake that Remus brought, the boys all forcing
Harry to try it, given he had never eaten a carrot cake before. “Did you bake this yourself?”
Percy asked Remus who was shovelling the cake into his mouth as though he had been
starved for months. “Nope, Mary did” He mumbled through his mouth full of food. Airakus
dropped his fork. “Mary visited?” Airakus asked, trying to hide the rage that was building in
his chest.
“Erm yes, but she wasnt there to visit, she needed to talk to me about Padfoot, she dropped
off your christmas present and then left, barely a twenty minute conversation Airy , its fine.”
Remus dismissed him as he gave Airakus and ‘i'll tell you later ’ look.
“Who's Mary?” Fred asked as he too shovelled cake into his mouth, “an aunt” Airakus
shrugged of f, “what did she get me?” he asked, still maintaining eye contact with the hungry
Werewolf.  
“I dunno, she wrapped it this year!” Remus said excitedly . 
Airakus’ s rage went away as he thought about her presents.  
Mary had bought him his first pencil set, his first easel for painting, records throughout the
years.  
Mary barely wrote, sending gifts and old photos but never letters and never visiting, Airakus
was so sad that he had missed her visit to W ales, cursing himself in his head.
Dinner finished soon after and everyone made their way to bed, stuf fed from the dinner that
Airakus knew had a sleeping draught in it, Molly was clever but not that clever . Airakus fell
asleep that night quickly , hoping for no nightmares, it must have been a christmas miracle
that he slept through the night, untouched by his memories.
Chapter End Notes
super long chapter given I cant seperate things properly . 
Also the breaks like Christmas and summer are either super long or super short, this is a
longer one, along with fourth year Christmas just as a warning.
EDITING CHAPTERS NOTE HERE!!!!  
I've been fixing up the earlier chapters when I'm too drained to actually write, and my
god I use exclamation marks to much.  
Also, all the Christmas breaks are super long, and most of the summer breaks are a good
three chapters if not longer . 
I'm letting everyone know that the writing and maturity of the story progresses as the
characters age, and that the emotions and angst get worse as they get older just like the
actual books!!!!Christmas 1993/94 pt2
Chapter Summary
End of Christmas alogn with the full moon :p  
Airakus tells Harry and Ron a secret....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Harry and Ron shook Airakus awake the next morning, both jittery with excitement.
“Airakus wake up, it's Christmas!” Ron shouted as he basically lifted the boy up and dragged
him out of bed, down the stairs and into the living room where the entire W easley family was
already sitting including Remus and Hermione, cof fee and hot coco in hand.
Airakus opened his presents along with the other kids. He had never gotten this many before
and he was overly excited. Remus had bought Airy new muggle pencils and a new notebook,
also giving him an old jacket that he knew was one of Sirius’ s leather ones. Harry , Ron and
Hermione had gotten him a few chocolate frogs and some other sweets, Ron giving Airakus a
pack of berrie bots with all the bad ones picked out.
Mrs.W easley had even made Airakus a brown jumper with a big A on it, the boy tugging it
on with a smile to Molly .
Other than that, Airakus had received two special packages. One from Mary and the other
from T onks. Mary had sent a few books from when she was in third year , an old shirt and a
few shells with a note and a load of sweets.
The note read,
 
Dear Pup,
I've sent you my third year books with all the answers for the study sheets written inside so
that you can cheat just like me, Sirius and James did all of third year! (Not like Moony didn't
already tell you everything you'll ever need to know) I've also sent you some shells that Lana
picked out for you and I made sure to give you one of Remus and Sirius’ s old David Bowie
shirts that I still have (and sweets obviously). I'll write you a proper letter soon, love you
kiddo.
-Auntie Mary
 Airakus smiled as he read the note, showing of f the shirt to Remus who chuckled lightly
before burying his head in his hands to hide his laughter . Mary always sent Airakus Remus
and Sirius’ s old things that she still had just to piss Remus of f, one more old t-shirt to air dry
because the dryer would tear it apart!
Next was the package from T onks, it was a long green box, nearly as tall as Airakus himself.
It had a little note taped onto the top of it which read…
 
-For school ;) love T onks (Y ou better use it you shit head it was half my inheritance.)  
P.s. if Remus takes murder him.
 
Airakus laughed as he handed Hermione and Harry the note, the two of them snickering
before showing Remus who scof fed and mumbled under his breath something along the lines
of ‘I wasn't even going to take it’.
Airakus opened the box and tore away the wrapping paper to see the most amazing thing he'd
ever seen before in his entire life, A Comet 260! One of the fastest brooms in the world!
Airakus had dismissed Quidditch from his life at Hogwarts so far , he knew how to fly but he
wasn't about to stroll in with James Potter ’s old broomstick and call it a day , Remus had
barely any money to but him christmas presents let alone an actual broomstick all for
himself!
“No way! That's a Comet 260!” Ron exclaimed, Fred, Geor ge and Harry all leaning in to
inspect the broom as well. "Y ou've got to try out mate!” Geor ge said excitedly as he elbowed
Fred.
“Who says I'm not rubbish at flying?” Airakus chuckled as he put the broom back into the
box, not wanting to hurt it or something.
“Oh come of f it Airakus you're a better flying than Bill for merlin's sake!” Remus exclaimed
as he took the lar ge box and put it aside, ruf fling Airakus’ s hair . “Oi, rude!” Bill joked as he
shoved Remus playfully .
Everyone else opened their gifts all the same, Airakus had gotten everyone charms chocolate
frogs that sang opera when their package was opened, and after a burst of laughter and
annoyingly loud signing frogs it was time to eat. After they all ate lunch and messed around
with their new books and gifts for a while longer , Remus finally got the opportunity to talk to
Airakus alone.
“Mary came to talk to me about Sirius, and said she was worried he would come looking for
us,” Remus explained to a confused Airakus who had just been pulled into the doorway of
Ginny's bedroom.
“Oh, what did you say?” Airakus asked, “T old her what I told you after Halloween, that I
don't know what to expect from him anymore! That was all she needed, I just, I needed youto know that, know that other people also don't understand and that it's not just me and you
alright?” Remus asked Airakus nervously . 
“Of course, I know it's not just us alright? Now I'd prefer if we could go downstairs and steal
some icing of f the gingerbread houses before Molly uses it all if you don't mind?” Airakus
asked.  
“Of course, of course!” Remus said jokingly as the two crept down the stairs towards the
kitchen they committed some light thievery .
The next few days flew by in a whirlwind of sweets and laughter . Airakus beat everyone at
Quidditch multiple times with his new broom, the rest of the boys giving up after the fifth
match and hiding from Airakus when he wanted to play . They went skating and tobogganing
and they ate sweets and listened to records.
Airakus and Remus left all their things at the W easleys as they apparated to Hogwarts for the
moon, deciding against going to W ales in case Airakus got another serious injury .
Airakus had told everyone that he wasn't feeling well the night before they left, so as to not
raise any suspicion, they would be back in two days or less anyways. That's where he had
been wrong. That moon was horrid, the worst of his entire life by far . Airakus got a new scar
that led from the base of his ear to his collarbone, three lines ragged and sharp. They were
extremely visible, even with his robes on and Poppy said that he would be staying in the
infirmary until January 5th at least, meaning that Airakus would not be going back to the
Burrow before school started again.
Airakus woke up on the 3rd, Remus and him ate breakfast together , still in the infirmary
given Airakus couldn't get out of bed yet.  
“You should tell Harry and Ron.” Remus sighed as he chewed his eggs, Airakus almost
dropped his glass of water . “What? Why? I thought I wasn't supposed to tell anybody!?” He
asked ur gently , looking at Remus to make sure he wasn't cursed or drunk or something along
those lines.
“Charlie told me that Bill almost let it slip and to be honest, if we are going to be doing
things like Christmas more often, it's safer for you if they know! Honestly , Sirius figured it
out but I told Lily and Mary , they needed to know , just how you should tell your friends.
Hermione very clearly already knows, but Ron and Harry wont figure it out unless you tell
them I'm afraid.” Remus sighed as he patted Airkus’ s shoulder . The boy nodded.  
This would be tricky .
 
Remus apparated back to the W easleys later that day to collect their things, Airakus had
basically been asleep the entire week and Remus was growing worried for him.
“Remus! Where’ s Airakus, is he alright?” Molly asked ur gently when the man entered the
burrow .
“It was a rough one Molly , he's out cold, Poppy says he can't come back, better for him to be
with her until he wakes up!” Remus sighed as he hobbled into the house on his cane, the
moon was bad for him as well making his hip feel like utter shit.“The kids will go back as well then, we don't need them moping about the house while he's
sick and alone!” Arthur said from the living room, “besides, I'd like some quiet anyways” he
added as he entered the kitchen, carrying Remus and Airakus’ s bags. “Hermione packed for
you both this morning, she figured you wouldn't be coming back” Arthur sighed as he put the
bags down.
“Floo to the castle then Arthur?” Remus asked as he took the trunks, preparing to apparate.
“Meet you there!” Arthur replied as Remus apparated back to the castle.
Not long after Remus had returned with their bags in the infirmary , Arthur , Ron, Hermione,
Ginny , Harry , Fred, Geor ge and Percy all came pouring out of the fireplace.
“Come on in, why don't you!” Madame Pomfrey shook her head sarcastically as she prepared
another potion for a now awake Airakus.
“Hey guys!” Airakus groaned after he had been tackled by at least five gingers and
Hermione.
“Why don't you break more bones while you're at it, out, out, everyone out now!” Poppy
shouted at the W easleys as Arthur flooded back home quickly .
“Harry , can you guys go unpack his things for him? He'll be in the infirmary for another few
days at least” Remus said as he handed Ron Airakus’ s trunk.  
“Course, see you at dinner Remus!” Harry said as he and Ron rushed of f after Fred, Geor ge,
Ginny and Hermione who had continued on walking.
Airakus was in the hospital wing for 3 more days, Madame Pomfrey had made a strict zero
visitors allowed policy so when Harry and Ron got back from lunch to see Airakus sitting on
his bed drawing while playing Queen on his record player the boys were overjoyed!
“How bad was it this time? Madame Pomfrey said something about broken bones?!” Ron
asked nervously as Harry sat beside Airakus on his bed.
“Two broken ribs and hit my shoulder again. New scar , nothing that bad.” Airakus shrugged
as he pointed to his ribs, wiggled his shoulder and then pulled down his collar to reveal the
entirety of the lar ge rough scar that covered his neck.
“What on earth even is your disease? It seems really bad and Hermione wont tell me and
Harry?” Ron asked, Airakus froze.  
Of course Hermione had told them he had some fake sickness, knowing they would never
bother to research it themselves.
Remus had told him to tell them, he agreed, he thought that Harry and Ron needed to know ,
so that Airakus would have somebody , anybody his age to talk to about it, someone who
would take him to Madame Pomfrey with an explanation as to why Airakus was sick!
“I'm a W erewolf.” Airakus said calmly , trying to keep himself from screaming, or crying or
running away in terror .“Haha, very funny , what do you actually have?” Ron rolled his eyes, sitting on the edge of
Airakus's bed, seemingly unimpressed, Airakus looked at Harry and then back to Ron, Harry
had an unreadable expression, Ron got the hint that Airakus wasn't joking and almost
immediately backed away .
“No way?!” Ron asked, alarmed, Airakus nodded sadly .
“Yup.” Airakus replied.
“Wait, W erewolves as in the ones Snape gave us the essay on last time Lupin was sick?”
Harry asked Ron, Ron nodded slowly .
“But you're not a blood thirsty terrifying beast?” Harry stuttered out as he put his hands on
either of Airakus’ s shoulders.
“No shit Potter , good observation!” Airakus scof fed through what he now realised were tears
clouding his eyes.
“How long have you been one?” Harry asked which caught Airy of f guard.
“Well after my dad died...he got killed by an auror . My mother was killed by one, on
Voldemort's order no doubt, though it bit me nearly in half...I was like two or something like
that.” Airakus explained with a bowed head, his hair covering his eyes slightly .
“Remus saved me after I was bitten, that's why I live with him, he isn't a family friend!”
Airakus shook his head as he wiped the tears away from his eyes.  
“Your parents were killed by V oldemort as well?” Harry muttered, “Did they know one
another?” he wondered aloud. Airakus felt a rush of cold run down his spine. “My parents
were death eaters Harry .” Airakus replied almost silently , Harry heard, everyone heard.
“That's what Mione was trying to tell us!” Ron exclaimed suddenly , “What?” Harry asked in
response.  
“Remember when she was talking to us last month after Airy got sick, she kept bringing up
the essay and the full moon and the scars and we were just like ‘yes and?’” Ron ranted. Harry
nodded in confusion, “she was trying to tell us that she thought you were a W erewolf!” Ron
finished, looking at Airakus as the ginger sat back down at the end of Airy’ s bed.
“You told her then?” Harry asked Airakus who was still baf fled by this entire conversation.  
“No, she, well she guessed, but I never admitted it or anything so she doesn't know!” Airakus
replied nervously .
“We should just fuck around with Hermione, keep lying to her until she snaps and actually
asks you about it” Harry chuckled, Ron's eyes going wide as he nodded.
“So you want to use the fact that I'm a horrible dark creature to fuck around with Hermione?”
Airakus asked through a tear filled chuckle of relief.
“No, I want to use the fact that you have an incurable horrible disease that doesn't change
anything about you to fuck with her!” Harry said as he patted Airakus on the back before heturned to Ron and began plotting.
Airakus laid back against his headboard slightly , thank god he was sat here with mini James
Potter , of course Harry and Ron saw him no dif ferently , beacuuse Sirius and James had seen
Remus no dif ferently either! He finally had friends, a family to spend christmas with and now
he was using the fact that he was a W erewolf to fuck with Hermione, something that Remus,
James, Peter and Sirius had done with all of their oblivious friends for years.
Airakus went to bed later that night with a full stomach and for the first time since December
he didn't have a nightmare.
Chapter End Notes
Hes a werewolf, we know . 
I dont like the whole secrecy and shit so Im getting the few people that hes close with to
figure it out rather early on.Gryffindor Beater!
Chapter Summary
Full moon, unhidable scars, Quidditch tryouts and Draco Mafloy .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day everyone returned on the train.  
Seamus nearly murdered Airakus as he tackled him into a hug, Dean chuckling as he waved
hello.
“How was your holiday?” Neville asked everyone.  
“Good, yours?” Airakus replied for the group.  
Neville smiled as he rambled on about the new plants he had gotten from his uncle.  
Airakus and Ginny listened intently .
The feast that night was one of the best ones Airakus had ever had.  
Being back at Hogwarts in full swing felt exciting and adventurous, and it made the boy's
blood boil with joy . He was back with his friends, he could get back to classes and late nights,
flying and food.  
Quidditch tryouts were in February and everyone was excited for that, Airakus now included.
 
Airakus tried to sleep that night. His day had been perfect, it had been so good, but the fear of
nightmares crept over him like a monster in the night, driving him out of bed.
He slowly crept out of his bed and grabbed the closest sweatshirt along with the Marauders
map that he and Harry now shared before slowly creeping out of the dorm and down the
stairs.
He should technically have brought the cloak but he didn't see the need, given it was well into
the early hours of the morning and if he went down to the boys bathroom where the big round
window was he wouldn't run into Filch’ s cat.
Airakus stumbled down the halls and eventually made it to the empty bathroom, sitting down
in the windowsill. It reminded him of his bedroom back home and after the great day , the
exciting day , Airakus felt homesick?
He had yet to feel like that the entire year so far , but he wanted his bed back, he wanted to
skate on the lake with Seamus and throw snow at Harry and Ron. He wanted to watch movies
with Remus and go to town.  Christmas at the W easleys had been great, but he wanted W ales back.  
He didn't want to creep around the castle at night alone because his friends didn't know about
his nightmares.
Airakus let a his shoulders sag as he felt his feelings before he heard someone come into the
bathroom, the boy turning his head on a swivel with wide eyes.
“Shit” he mumbled as he put out his light, trying to hide himself in the window to avoid
whatever perfect or prof fesor had just caught him.
“Hello?” the person asked.  
“Hello?” Airakus replied.  
“Who's there?”  
“Its Rosier?”  
“Oh. you.” the person seethed.  
“Who even are you?” Airakus asked, annoyed.  
The boy cast lumos and then Airakus saw him in the dim light, Draco Malfoy . 
Perfect.
“Malfoy!” Airakus nearly gasped as he grabbed the map and his wand to put the map out, he
hadn't talked to Malfoy since the day on the train.  
Malfoy rolled his eyes, turning to leave, but Airakus grabbed his wrist.
“Filch is outside the Slytherin Common Room, might wanna wait a little bit” Airakus said.  
He was lying, the map was in his hands as they spoke, he just didn't want the other boy to
leave.  
They sat in silence for a while, Malfoy standing there Airakus staring at him in the dimly lit
bathroom.
“About that night on the train,” Airakus began.  
“There's nothing to talk about alright? W e hate each other , we ran into each other and had a
normal conversation twice, it's not like we're friends, you can call me an arsehole all you
want Rosier .'' Malfoy sneered at the taller boy .
Silence fell between the two for a moment, AIrkaus staring at Draco, Draco staring at the
floor .
“Let go of me,” Malfoy said quietly , the tone in his voice shifting, scaring Airakus slightly . 
Airakus then realised his hand was still tightly wrapped around Malfoys wrist, so he let go
quickly .
“Sorry Blondie," Airakus chuckled nervously , Malfoys breath faltering letting Airakus slip
his hand away . 
“You called me it again." Malfoy said, looking at Airakus, eyes wide with anger . 
“What?” Airakus asked, confused and slightly alarmed.  
“Blondie,” Malfoy began.  
“Don't call me that” He seethed before he stormed out of the bathroom, leaving Airakus alone
in the dark.He wanted to throw up.  
He hated whatever had just happened.  
And now his hand was cold.
The next day in potions, Malfoy didn't talk, he just sat silently a few feet away . Airakus tried
to talk to him, but especially under his friend's watch it was hard to say anything other than
‘which way do I stir it?’ without getting stared down by Harry and Ron.  
A few days passed and Airakus continued to hang out with Seamus, search out Draco, and
practice for Quidditch.
The full moons came and went.  
Classes went on as per usual, and Care Of Magical Creatures had become a favourite of
Airakus’ s. Today's lesson was apparently special, or at least that was Hagrid's reasoning to
take the kids deep into the forbidden forest for no reason.
Neville nearly got eaten by his book and the kids were all standing around waiting for Hagrid
when Malfoy decided to be Malfoy , something he hadn't really done in a while.
“I think they're funny!" Hermione chuckled in reference to the monstrous books that the
students were struggling with.
“Oh yea, terribly funny ,” Malfoy sneered from a few feet away , him and his friends all
standing under a tree. “Really witty! God this place has gone to the dogs, just wait until
father finds out Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching classes!” Draco laughed, his friends
chuckling along with him.
Harry was fuming, Hermione was shocked, Ron looked like he was about to burst, but
Airakus wasn't just going to stand there.
“Shut up Malfoy .” Harry fumed, taking a few steps towards Malfoy . 
“Ooooooo,” Malfoy teased, dropping his bag to Pansy before stepping forwards.
“Do we have a problem here Potter?” Malfoy asked, looking Harry up and down, clearly
ready to start a fight.  
“Oh fuck of f Blondie, Harry sit down.” Airakus snapped as he tugged Harry back, taking his
place.
Malfoy froze, looking up slightly at Airakus.  
“You're a piece of shite you know that right?” Airakus mumbled Malfoy scof fed under his
breath.  
“Well aware,” he replied.  
“I recommend you go sit down,” Airakus replied as Hagrid came back, the two boys blending
into the background as the class turned to their professor . 
“Make me." Draco scof fed, though AIrakus caught the hint of a smirk cross the boys face
before the Slytherin rolled his eyes, Pansy pulling him away from Airakus, the tall boy trying
to ignore the feeling of eyes staring at him, deep blue ones to be exact.
 “Who wants to come over and pet him then?” Hagrid asked, the entire crowd of students
taking a step back other than Harry and Airakus.
“You two, perfect then, come on over!” Harry looked nervous, Airakus looked like he had
just won a prize. Harry followed Hagrids instructions perfectly , Airakus kind of followed
Harry up to Buckbeak.
Harry pet the Hippogrif f before the beast pushed past him and nudged into Airakus playfully .
“Werewolf thing?” Harry muttered, and Airakus nodded, creatures were usually quicker to
warm up to Airakus than they were to humans.
“You're not dangerous at all are you, you great ugly brute.” Draco sneered after Harry had
returned, he was storming towards Buckbeak quickly . 
“Malfoy!” Airakus whispered as he reached for Draco, pulling him back by his sleeve just in
time. Buckbeak only cut his arm, instead of stamping in his head.
“Hagrid, someone needs to take him to the Hospital!” Hermione cried, overdramatically to
say the least.  
“I'll go, I'm the teacher , Airakus, Harry , deal with Buckbeak!” Hagrid called back to the two
boys petting the bird thing, Airakus nodded.
“How on earth does he like you so much? Y ou didn't even do the ritual thing?” Harry groaned
with a chuckle as he fed Buckbeak another ferret, Airakus petting the Hippogrif f with a
smile.  
“Dunno,” Airakus shrugged, that was a lie, he did know , it was because he was a W erewolf,
half animal.  
Remus said that most animals and creatures tended to warm up to him quickly , that's why he
had been doing so well in Care Of Magical Creatures.
The next morning Airakus entered the great hall for breakfast late, it was a Saturday , he had
had a bad nightmare the night prior and with the moon coming the next week, Airakus wasn't
in the mood to be getting up early . He peered around, finding Seamus and Hermione, rushing
over to them. Harry and Ron joined them soon and then the Gryfindors heard a familiar voice
groaning to Pansy .
“Im lucky really , another minute or two and I could have lost my arm!” Malfoy explained,
more so lied to Pansy who was looking at him sympathetically , or whatever sympathy looked
like in the nasty Slytherin girl.
“Oh shut your bloody mouth Malfoy you're fine!” Airakus rolled his eyes.  
Malfoy scof fed.
“Yes? And how would you know that?” Malfoy rolled his eyes back, mocking Airakus who
just chuckled.  
“Because it's a goddamn scratch,” Airakus scof fed.
“Whatever Halfblood.” Malfoy sneered.  
“Pureblood, and besides, shouldn't matter you prat!” Airakus snapped back.  
“Whatever Rosier , stop butting into my conversations.”“No I quite enjoy it, Blondie,” Aiirakus smirked, but then he saw the look that Malfoy gave
him. 
One he had seen from the boy before.  
The one of pure distaste and anger . 
And it made Airakus feel odd.  
So he looked away before Malfoy could say anything else.
“What was that about?” Ron chuckled.
“What?” Airakus asked, through his mouthful of food.  
“What's with the pet name for Malfoy?” Harry scof fed. 
“It's not! I wasn't? He's a complete fucker , I despise him.” Airakus stated, sure of himself as
Hermione stared at him out the side of her eye.
“Are you ok Airakus? Y ou barely ate anything” Hermione asked.  
Airakus shrugged her of f, “Not hungry , don't feel too good anyways, Might go to Madame
Pomfrey tomorrow if it's worse.” Airakus made eye contact with the girl who huf fed.
The moon came, February 23rd, the next day . 
It was a bad one.  
Really bad.  
Airakus had slashed open his chest and a part of his face.  
He had told Seamus and his other door mates that he had a stomach ache, and now he had
new, unavoidable scars.  
Fuck.
Airakus woke up after a few days of sleep. Hermione was in the room reading, she had been
on top of him whenever he was awake, checking on him, most likely keeping the boys tame
outside.
Airakus looked around bleary eyed before his eyes settled on another person in the hospital
wing.  
They were in a bed, asleep, with a red circle around their eyes.
“Who's that?” Airakus mumbled to Hermione who looked up at him, then to the boy in the
other bed, then back.
“Malfoy”
Airakus sat up, his head pounding.  
“What? Why what happened?!” He asked ur gently , scaring Hermione slightly .
“Well erm, Seamus and Ron were with Harry and they erm, they got into a fight sort of. Ron
punched him. His dad erm ... .well, Buckbeak was sentenced to death for that thing that
happened the other day . I didn't even think Draco knew about it until Hagrid told us in class
yesterday . His dad most likely didn't tell him because he looked pretty shocked over it...”
Hermione explained looking rather concerned.
Airakus stared at the back of Malfoys head.  
Had he really cared about Buckbeak?  Airakus didn't really know . 
But he also didn't really care.  
Malfoy was still mad at him.
He caught Hermione's quizzical gaze and quickly scof fed. 
“Of course he knew about it, it's Malfoy . That's horrible about Buckbeak!” Airakus changed
the topic, letting Hermione rant about how mad she was about the execution, how it was
happening at the end of the year and how she was planning Buckbeak's escape already .
He woke up later that night again to see Draco facing him, eyes open.
“Stop staring at me Malfoy”  
“What happened to you now? Another W erewolf?”  
“What happened to you? Get punched by Ron?”  
“Yea actually I did, and I didnt hit him back, your welcome.”  
“I didn't say thank you.”  
“Well you really fucking should be”  
“Why's that?” Airakus scof fed, trying to maintain the joking tone, but Draco suddenly sat up.
“Because we have to hate each other and I seem to be the only one holding it up! I hate your
friends, you hate mine! If I recall correctly ‘if you ever see me with him I'm just fucking
around, I would never be friends with that fucking arsehole’. Y ou keep acting like we were
friends and me disappearing on you hurt your fucking feelings when you never even wanted
to talk to me in the first place!” Draco snapped, Airakus sitting up as the two stared at one
another in the dark of the hospital wing.
“You heard all of that?” Airakus asked.
Draco didn't even look at him, but he subtly nodded, making Airakus’ s breath catch up in his
throat.
“Is that why you've been avoiding me?”  
“No, I’ve been skipping potions for fun.” Draco scof fed, but Airakus heard the sadness
behind his voice.
“I didn't mean any of that, I swear! I was scared that Harry and everyone would…ugh I don't
know! Can we just go back to how it was before?” Airakus asked, standing and stepping
towards Draco who took a step back.
“No Rosier , we can't! Y our friends with one side, I'm friends with the other , you're
fraternizing with the enemy! Giving me chocolate, getting me out of detention?! What are
you even playing at? W e're going to get caught and it's not going to end well!” Draco finished
with a breath when he looked up and met Airakus'eyes.
“I just want to despise you again Blondie.” Airakus sighed as he took another step forward,
Malfoy not moving.  
Malfoy sighed as he turned and sat back down on his bed.“This isn't going to end well” Malfoy groaned.  
“I don't care,” Airakus replied as he sat beside Malfoy on the boy's cot.  
“I still hate you,” Malfoy grunted.  
“Despise” Airakus corrected him.  
“Right” Malfoy shook his head.  
“I despise you too, Malfoy ,” Airakus grinned.
 
Quidditch tryouts were that Monday , for everyone, Gryfindor went last.  
Airakus paced the bleachers anxiously , Ginny , Ron, the twins and Harry were all relatively
calm but he was going of f the walls.
He wasn't going to get on the team, he was a third year first of f, and if Geor ge didn't get
chaser then the Beater position wouldn't even be available anymore.  
Slytherin went right before them, and Airakus finally sat down to watch with his friends.  
That's when he saw him.  
Malfoy was out there with his Nimbus 2001.  
His hair was distinctly surrounded by the other dark haired kids trying out, so Airakus could
keep an eye on him while he played.
He was going for Chaser , Airakus knew that after he had kept goal for him that one time, the
first time.  
Airakus watched, Malfoy scored and he began to yell.  
“LETS GO!” when he saw his friends' heads turn to him, he coughed and sat back down.  
He watched the Slytherins play , watching as Malfoy scored every shot he made at the net.  
He was so excited to play against him.
Oliver walked out onto the field and called the team over , including all the Gryf findors who
were trying out
Airakus stood in line with Fred and two fourth year girls for Beater . 
Fred was 100 percent making it, he had been on the team for 3 years. The twins had assured
Airakus, along with Harry and Seamus, that he would get beater , but Airakus wasn't too sure.  
They played for an hour . They had the perfect amount for two teams.  
Airakus did good, he always did good.
After the drills and game they played, Oliver lined everyone up and read of f names.  
“Our Seekers Harry , obviously . I'm Keeper , Chasers are the same as last year only since
Alicia quit Geor ge is the third. So that makes Fred and Airy our Beaters' ' Oliver grinned to
Airakus who jumped up and down humorously as Fred elbowed him proudly .
Airakus was congratulated by his teammates, grinning widely . He knew he was good, but he
was overwhelmed that he had actually made the team.  
Him and Harry did a few laps with Ron and Ginny trying to make them feel better before
going in to change.  
Airakus showered, telling Harry and Ron he'd catch up with them.He grabbed a pair of jeans and his new Quidditch jumper , tugging on his pants.  
That's when he heard the change room door open.  
“Said I catch up Mate” Airakus sighed as he turned, but it wasn't Harry or Ron, it was
Malfoy , wearing his brand new quidditch jumper as well, red faced as he stared at Airakus,
most likely from the nippy February air .
“Did you make the team?” Airakus asked.  
“Yep, seeker .” Malfoy replied.  
“I'm assuming you did?” he asked Airakus.
“How could you tell?” Airakus grinned as he pulled on his jumper .
“You were basically ecstatic down there after Oliver read of f the names!” Malfoy chuckled,
Airakus feeling his stomach flip at the boys soft face.  
“Y…you stayed to watch?” Airakus chuckled a bit, looking at Malfoy . 
“Course, you were rooting for me during practice, why wouldn't I stay?” Malfoy rolled his
eyes, hiding his face, avoiding eye contact.  
“Awww Blondie!" Airakus smirked, ruf fling Malfoy's hair , the boy sneering as he pulled
away from Airakus, his face still red, from the cold.  
“Don't do that.” Draco scof fed 
“Whatever .” Airakus rolled his eyes.
Airakus packed up his stuf f and grabbed his broom, following Malfoy out of the change
rooms and back onto the pitch. It had begun to rain.
“Hey it's raining.” Malfoy frowned.  
“Reminds me of something.” Airakus chuckled.  
“Oh yea! When you punched me?” Malfoy smiled sarcastically at Airakus who bumped into
him. 
“I apologized.” Airakus frowned back.  
“Arsehole.” Malfoy muttered with a chuckle, causing Airakus to smile.
“So, how's the Mudblood?” Malfoy asked after a few minutes of silence.  
“Don't call her that.” Airakus snapped.  
“Sorry , habit I suppose.” He replied.
“How's Granger?” Malfoy corrected himself.  
“She's fine, why?” Airakus replied.  
“No reason” Malfoy mumbled.  
“C'mon why?” Airakus nudged him.  
“Nothing really ,” Malfoy chuckled, going red again.  
“Oh do you like her or something?” Airakus asked with a chuckle, sarcasm dripping from his
voice.  
The thought of Malfoy liking Mione made Airakus feel odd, like he had felt before.
“GOD NO!?” He yelled.
“Then why are you asking? Y ou never mentioned Mione before?” Airakus asked again.  
“Just, she visited you in the hospital. I was just wondering if you two were ... .ugh I don't
know never mind” Malfoy groaned.“Me and Hermione aren't dating or anything like that? She just knew what happened is all,”
Airakus shrugged, the silence falling over them again.  
“What happened? Y ou never told me” Malfoy piped up again, Airakus swallowing hard.
He had hoped that Malfoy wouldn't bring it up, just how Seamus hadn't mentioned it again.  
Malfoy and him barely talked about stuf f Airakus didn't want him to know .
Airakus just grunted and shook his head.  
“S’nuthin don't worry bout it” Airakus mumbled, his accent shining right through.  
“Did you get scratched or something? Like a dog? It looks bad!” Malfoy said as he stopped
walking and began looking at the new scar , making Airakus go slightly red because of the
sudden attack on his personal space.
“I think Scabbers got me while I was sleeping, besides, I'm pretty sure that one's always been
there,” Airakus chuckled, Malfoy backing away suddenly as they both continued walking.  
“Who's Scabbers?” he asked.  
“Ron's pet rat”  
“Of course W easley has a rat”  
“I hate the thing, it gives me a weird vibe, like it's possessed or something!” Airakus shivered
and Malfoy chuckled as they reached the castle doors.
“You go in, I’ll follow in a few minutes...” Airakus sighed to Malfoy who nodded quickly
before entering the castle and going into the great hall, Airakus waiting a few minutes before
following.
“Where have you been?” Seamus asked when Airakus came in, glazing over at the Slytherin
table before sitting with his friends.  
“Quidditch,” Airakus mumbled back, stopping when he realised that Harry , the twins and the
rest of the team were all sitting at the table.
“Sure, we'll talk about this later” Seamus replied under his breath, Airakus nodding as he
filled his plate.  
“Puppers! Did you make the team?!” Airakus heard Remus call out from a few feet away . 
Airakus nodded, brandishing his Quidditch Jumper to which Remus grinned.
“Never thought I'd see Evan in a Gryfindor jumper!” Remus chuckled as he ruf fled Airakus’ s
hair, making Airakus smile.
He didn't like talking about his parents, but he found it grounding when Remus compared
him to his dad.
“Whos Evan?” Harry asked after Remus had left.  
“My dad,” Airakus replied.  
“Oh, I Thought Professor Lupin was your dad?” Angelina said slowly from beside Fred.  
“No, Evan Rosier”
“But you live with Professor Lupin, no?” Angelina continued, making Airakus slightly
uncomfortable, he knew that Angelina was aware of that fact, given Fred had asked Airakusif he could tell Angie and Airakus had said yes, but hearing it come out of her mouth made
him slightly uncomfortable.
“Yea Angie, my dads dead.” Airakus snapped flatly , making Angelina freeze and go beat red
from embarrassment.  
“Oh, god Airakus I am so sorry!” She rambled.  
“Don't mention it.” Airakus replied as he stuf fed his face before leaving the great hall slightly
angry .
Chapter End Notes
GOING THROUGH OLD CHAPTERS T O EDIT HERE!!!! There was a plot point
where Fred and Geor ge caught Airakus and found out he was Remus's kid earlier in the
year, and that Airakus gave Harry the map with them. I cut that out because in that
version of the fic Geor ge was AIrkaus's love interest and the entire scene was super
suggestive of them liking one another and I legit didn't bother to fix it!!!!  
SOOOOO in the Christmas chapters at the table where Fred and Geor ge are laughing its
because they already know that Airakus is a werewolf, and from now on they already
know so just note that its never mentioned how they find out in this verion.  
Also Harry has the map now because the Hogsmeade trip where he gets it already
happened!!!
Old Notes from original publish date here- mixed emotions given once again I hate
writing filler , I dont separate things right, and its bits from old fics I wrote.  
Anywho, they are so goals!!!  
I also love Angelina so muhc, and I am not tryng to make her seem like a bad person in
the end there, but she was just a good character to use for that scene.Jumpers.
Chapter Summary
Quidditch and Seamus Finnagain (me fr)  
Gryffindor vs Slytherin match, bad fall and sweater swapping.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next week before the March full moon was filled with Quidditch Practice and
overwhelming talks with Hermione.  
Airakus had finally settled into the team, finally ready for their first match, which was against
Slytherin.
The full moon was that Thursday , and the match was on Saturday . Airakus begged he'd get a
quick recovery unlike the last full moon.
He couldn’ t back out of quidditch, and he didn't want to disappoint Oliver . 
So even though it was Saturday afternoon and Airakus’ s scar across his chest was still
healing and his left knee popped in and out as he walked.  
He would get this win.
“Airy , feeling better?” Seamus asked when Airakus sat down at dinner , dressed in his
Quidditch uniform.  
“Yep, excited for the match?” Airakus replied with a grunt as he sat.
He wasn't sure how he would survive if he got hit by a Bludger , but given he was one of the
best beaters in Gryf findor he doubted that would be a problem.  
“Yea, gotta crush Slytherin!” Oliver gritted his teeth as he stuf fed his face with dinner . 
He was really competitive to say the least, it scared Airakus slightly .
The Quidditch T eam left dinner early and rushed to the change rooms, getting ready quickly
before Oliver went over the game plan.  
“So, chasers, were going with the V pattern today since it worked better with Geor ge than it
ever has before, and I want to keep that up alright! Get the Quaf fle to Geor ge or Angelina,
Bell stay on defence until half ok?” Oliver told the Chasers who were tying their shoes,
preparing to go first.
“I am Lee Jordan and welcome to the first match of the year! Gryf findor vs Slytherin!” Lee’ s
voice echoed over the stadium full of students.
“Let's start of f with the Slytherin team. Captain Fletchley as Chaser , Seeker this year is
Malfoy! Beaters……” Airakus tuned Lee out as he stared of f at Malfoy who had just walkedout. 
He had tight round goggles, like the ones Harry wore.  
They were on his head, slightly escue and contrasted against his light hair . 
It had began sprinkling slightly and since it was only March second, it was rather cold, so his
cheeks were pink and his nose was red.  
That's when Airakus realised he had caught him staring so he coughed and looked away
quickly , stumbling over his broom as he did so.
“Gryf findor! W e've got Captain Oliver W ood as Keeper , Chasers, Angelina Johnson, Katie
Bell and Geor ge W easley! Beaters, Fred W easley and Airakus Rosier , and of course, the man,
the myth, the legend, HARR Y POTTER AS SEEKER!” Lee called out over the audience as
they all took of f and swooped to their places in the sky . 
Oliver called Airakus over just before the game began.  
“Keep an eye on Malfoy ok? He's fast, knock him around a bit ok?” Oliver winked at Airakus
with a chuckle, the boy nodding and laughing nervously as he flew back over to Fred.
“Let the game begin!” Madame Hooch called before letting the Bludgers, Quaf fle and Snitch
up into the air .
The game was going good, the seekers had disappeared into the now thunderstorm above
while Airakus tried to make out Draco in the rain. He was zipping around, a Bludger Airakus
had hit towards him having just missed.  
Gryfindor was winning by 15 points and Geor ge had the Quaf fle, so Airakus was pretty much
safe given there was only around 10 minutes left in the game.
 
He flew towards Malfoy fast, catching up with him as he looped around the match, looking
for his teammates in the thick rain as Gryfindor scored again.  
Airakus tailed him for a bit, he was going to say something, something funny , to get him to
laugh, he liked it when he laughed.  
That's when Airakus smelt it.  
The dark magic, dripping down.  
Then he saw Harry fall.
Airakus had never flown faster . 
Dumbledore had slowed him down, but Airakus was the one that caught him basically . 
Everyone was silent as the team rushed Harry of f to Madame Pomfrey , not bothering to
change or see who had won the match.
They were all surrounding Harry , the whole team, Ron, Hermione, Seamus, everyone.  
He was unconscious for a good half hour .
“He looks a bit peaky ,” Ron sighed.  
“Peaky?” Fred chuckled.  
“He fell over a hundred feet,” Geor ge rolled his eyes.  
“Yea Ron, let's walk you of f the Astronomy T ower and see what you look like.'' Airakus
scoffed sarcastically as he elbowed Ron.  
“Probably a bit better on his left” Harry groaned with a laugh, everyone tackled him with joy .Airakus was standing in front of his little locker in the Gryf findor changing rooms alone.  
The team had all gone back downstairs to change, given their Quidditch stuf f stayed in the
change rooms.  
Harry was alright and after making sure he wasn't going to die Airakus had left him with
Seamus, Ron and Hermione.  
Fred and Geor ge had showered and left, and Oliver hadn't even bothered going back
downstairs, he had just showered in his dorm.  
So Airakus was alone as he dug around looking for a jumper . He found his quidditch one and
tugged it on, before finding a Slytherin one in the back of his locker from latest practice.
He silently switched the two, stuf fing his Gryfindor one into his bag as he walked out of the
change rooms into the small hall that connected all the boys together . They all shared one
shower but each house got separate spaces.
He heard a door open down the hall slightly , so he turned to see Draco Malfoy , without a
shirt.  
Airakus went red, because he was still cold obviously .
“Malfoy? For getting something?” Airakus chuckled, walking towards Malfoy . 
“Fletchey took my shirt, he's gone.” Malfoy groaned.  
“You can have yours back,” Airakus began to take of f his sweatshirt when Malfoy spoke.  
“No!” his voice cracked a bit.  
Airakus frowned, confused.  
Why on earth would he rather be shirtless than take HIS jumper back from Airakus?
“Well I've got my Quidditch one and my blue one in my bag..” Airakus began, taking of f his
backpack and digging through it pulling both out.
“Blue one! I will never wear Gryf findor attire!” Malfoy scof fed as he snatched the sweatshirt,
pulling it over his head messing up his hair .
He looked so small in it, making Airakus freeze.  
He reached out and ruf fled Malfoy’ s hair with a warm chuckle.
“There, perfect!”  
“Oh perfect my ass.”  
“Shut up Blondie.”  
“DON'T call me that!”  
“You like it,”
“Shut. Up. ”Draco seethed as he grabbed his bag and rushed after the Slytherin girls leaving
their change room.
 
Airakus grinned the entire way back to the dorm.  
“What's got you smiling?” Ron chuckled when Airakus entered, throwing his bag next to his
bed, kicking of f his shoes and sighing as he changed his jeans into pyjama pants.“Nothing?” Airakus replied shortly , ignoring Seamus' glances.  
Seamus had assumed that Airakus had a girlfriend or something, given he kept sneaking out
at night, staying out, and at the beginning of the year when Airakus had returned before
breakfast in a Slytherin jumper , Seamus had been the one to catch him.
Seamus had said they'd talk about the thing the other day , when he had been late to dinner . 
They had been busy with practice and class.  
Airakus presumed that whatever Ron was about to say would make his talk with Seamus
harder .
“Cmon, you've totally got a girlfriend or something mate!” Dean smirked, catching Airakus
off guard, that wasn't like Dean, it was more a Ron and Harry thing to fuck around about that
type of stuf f.
Seamus was clearly caught of f guard as well because he dropped whatever look he had been
giving Airakus to turn to Dean swiftly .
“I don't, I would tell you if I did!” Airakus defended himself in a snippy tone.  
Seamus gave him a ‘we’ll talk about this later look’ as he drew his curtains.
 
Airakus woke up the next morning with a pounding headache.  
He had taken a good hit during the match the day before, so he doubted it was anything
serious.  
He sat up in his bed and looked around his dorm.  
Everyone else was gone, except for a certain someone who was sitting on the edge of Harry's
bed, eating chocolate and working on Potions homework.
“Seamus, is that my chocolate?”  
“Airakus is that Draco Malfoy's sweater?”
Airakus fell out of his bed, his breath caught in his throat and his headache turned into a
piercing pain.  
Seamus was smart, but he wasn't that smart, he didn't know . 
He was messing with him.
“Yea, as if. If this is Malfoy's sweater then you're not Irish!” Airakus scof fed, Seamus
chuckling as he handed Airakus the chocolate bar and sat beside him in his bed as Airakus
climbed back onto the mattress.
“Airakus, you're my best friend alright!” Seamus began, Airakus had prepared himself for a
bad speech before the inevitable question.
“Do you have a girlfriend? Or anybody that you're sneaking around with? Anyone at all,
because it's twice now you've shown up late with a bad explanation and red in the face."
Seamus rolled his eyes as he held Airakus by his shoulders shaking him.“I wasnt red” Airakus blurted out, Seamus raised an eyebrow and cof fee,d dropping his
hands.  
“Oh yea, and what was it you said? Right, I'm not Irish!” Seamus replied, Airakus rolling his
eyes with a light chuckle.
“Seamus, I don't have a girlfriend, I don't really fancy anyone right now alright? I'll tell you if
I did I promise!” Airakus smiled cheekily as he popped the last square of chocolate into his
mouth, Seamus groaning and flopping onto his back.
“You lot are no fun, I can't wait until we’re older and everyone starts dating one another .”
Seamus groaned dramatically , Airakus chuckled. He himself was rather unexcited for that.
Chapter End Notes
“Seamus, is that my chocolate?”  
“Airakus is that Draco Malfoys sweater?”
TOP TEIR LINE GUYS  
I love this chapter sm omg  
I rewrote the scene after the match atleast four times and I went for , we ignore tha Harry
almsot died :D
MORE NOTES FOR EDITING PETER(who is me I guess I've never used my name
before woops) Anyways, I realized once more that Oliver and Percy are younger than
they should be, but they graduate this year in this fic, I feel like they were definitely
older in the books but I'm W AY to lazy to rewrite a bunch of shit just to make them the
right age.Rats.
Chapter Summary
Whomping W illow , Peter Pettigrew and the Grim.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Easter was a bore, the W easleys didn't have the kids home given Molly had a cold so
everyone stayed in the castle which was practically empty . Airakus spent the week of f with
Fred and Geor ge, popping out at Filch and the other students, running around the castle
through the empty corridors and tunnels.
Before Airy knew it, it was almost the end of third year .
Airakus was with Ron, it was late at night and they were planning their next late night trip to
honeydukes when Harry arrived in the dormitory after rushing out with the map and his
wand.
“Alright mate?” Ron asked as Harry sat angrily on his bed.
“No, Snape caught me with the map and Remus confiscated it! He knew what it was as well,
I only went out because I saw a name that shouldn't have been there, Remus didn't even
believe me when I told him!” Harry explained.
“Who?” Airakus asked Harry nervously , he knew that the map never lied and if a name like
Voldemort was waltzing around then that meant tha voldemort was in the castle!
“Peter Pettigrew ,” Harry said, giving Ron and Airakus a confused look.
The minute they were asleep Airakus dashed out of Gryf findor T ower , taking Harry’ s
invisibility cloak on his way out as he ran towards Remus’ s room in a panic.
If Peter was alive that meant that Sirius didn't kill him, which meant that Sirius was innocent!
Airakus basically launched himself through the doorway that opened into Remus’ s room.
Remus was sitting on his bed, map in hand as he stared out the window longingly .
“HE'S ALIVE!?” Airakus questioned horrified as Remus handed him the map, “Alive and
well” Remus responded as he turned to face Airakus.
“You knew it!” Airy said excitedly as he found Peter ’s name on the map.“I knew it!” Remus responded, seemingly realising what this meant more and more with
every second.
“Lets go get him Remus c'mon!” Airakus said as he stood, Remus reaching out and holding
him back.
“No, we can't, not yet, he's in his rat form!” Remus said in a realisation. Airakus was
confused, “huh?” he asked his dad who was pacing uncontrollably .
“If Peter's alive and Sirius knows then he must be in his rat form and he must have been in
Azkaban in some sort of way right!?” Remus asked, “right,” Airakus responded.
“Now , there's no way that Peter would go to Azkaban, he wouldn't have survived the swim so
he must have been in the paper right?” Remus continued.
“right’ Airakus said in understanding.
“Who has a pet rat in the school?” Remus asked, “I dunno, Goyle, Colin, Parvati, Ron”
Airakus listed, “RIGHT! RON!” Remus shouted as he jumped about slightly .
“Ron went to Egypt this past summer , he was in the paper with his family and his pet rat!”
Airakus realised what this meant as Remus spoke.
Peter Pettigrew was hiding in plain sight as Ronald W easley's pet rat.  
“So, he is somewhere in the castle and Sirius knows, which is why he escaped Azkaban, not
to kill Harry , to kill Peter!” Remus explained giddily .
“So that means that Sirius didn't betray James and Lily because Peter wouldn't matter to him
if he had! Peter was the secret keeper and the traitor , Sirius found James and Lily and then
tried to kill Peter who cut of f his finger and transformed, he's been living with Ron to spy on
Harry!” Remus shouted, and Airakus nodded in understanding.
“I knew that fucking rat looked familiar!” Airakus added.
It all suddenly made so much sense! Sirius hadn't done it! It was Peter that Fred and Geor ge
had seen in rons bed, only he wasn't Peter he was Scabbers.
They made their plan right then and there, plotting the perfect idea. Airakus would stick with
Harry , Ron and Hermione 24 seven.  
Remus assumed that if Scabbers was lost that he was really hiding and that if Ron found
Scabbers, then Sirius would be too far behind!  
So the plan was simple.  
If Ron finds scabbers then Airakus needs to take them into the Whomping W illow so that he
can call for Remus so that Remus can come and get Peter , to turn him in and free Sirius!
It couldn't go wrong!
 Airakus looked out for the rat more than Ron did for the next few weeks, he had looked
everywhere, but to no avail.
After the run in with Malfoy and Buckbeak that lead to Buckbeak being sentenced to death,
that afternoon the four Gryf findors made their way to hagrids to see the Hippogrif f off, little
did Airakus know that today , was the day .
Airakus, Ron, Hermione and Harry walked through the courtyard, the executioner sharpening
his axe with a grin. Airakus had taken about a hundred potions that morning, Madame
Pomfrey and Remus deciding to try and give him a wolfsbane as a little experiment that
night. he was drained to say the least. The moon was that night and he felt like shit, but he
wasn't going to leave his friends now , it was too close to the end of the year and Remus
suspected that Sirius would try again on the moon so that the two of them would be out of the
castle, the perfect time to strike, the perfect time to catch Sirius and finally finish what he
started.`
"I can't believe they're going to kill Buckbeak, it's just too horrible!” Hermione sobbed as
they walked over the bridge towards Hagrids.
Ron, Harry and Airakus muttered agreements, the four of them walking with furrowed brows
as Hermione continued rambling.
As they came out on the other side of the bridge Airakus took in a sharp breath.
“You!” Hermione seethed as she stormed towards Malfoy who was crouched behind a pillar
with Pansy and Blaise, watching Buckbeak from afar .
Draco turned, his eyes were slightly red and Pansy had her hand on his shoulder , odd.  
“You foul, loathsome evil little cockroach!” Hermione whipped her wand out and pointed it
dead at Darco.  
Airakus nearly told her to stop, he just made dead eye contact with Malfoy and stared,
shaking his head.
“Hermione don't, he's not worth it!” Ron groaned from behind them.  
“This is all his fault! Why don't you understand that!?” She snapped angrily .
“I swear to Merlin if you hex me the birds not the only thing that's going to get executed!”
Malfoy joked, Airakus holding in the laugh that threatened to break through.  
Hermione dug the tip of her wand into his chin, making him whimper before shutting up.
"C'mon Mione, lets go." Harry began, Hermione withdrew her wand, turning back to the
boys.  
Draco laughed.  
She punched him.
Airakus took a step towards the blonde as Harry and Ron pulled Hermione away from him,
Pansy squealing and Blaise grabbing his wand before Malfoy stopped him.“Cmon Hermione, I said let's go!” Harry seethed through his teeth as he dragged Ron and
Hermione away , looking at Airakus confused.  
“Coming?”  
“Yea let me just make sure he's not actually hurt, I don't want to get in shit later ." Airakus
scoffed back.
Blaise and Pansy looked from Malfoy to Airakus and then back to Malfoy . 
“Just…er g, go get Luna!" Malfoy sighed as he licked his lip, tasting the blood dripping from
his mouth.
Pansy and Blaise rushed of f.
Airakus watched intently , not looking away from him.  
Malfoy was sitting down, leaning against the pillar , Airakus was crouched in front of him.
He reached out and took his chin, inspecting his lip, he was bleeding pretty bad and the faint
outline of a bruise around his mouth was forming.  
Hermione had really done him in.
“Airakus…what are you..” Malfoy half whispered as Airakus wiped the blood of f of Malfoys
lip. 
“Sorry about her ,” Airakus sighed as he sat beside Malfoy , pulling his hand away faster than
Harry had fallen of f his broom.
“Not your fault.” Malfoy shook his head, snapping back into reality as he did so.
“Sort of is, halfway here she said she was going to punch you if she saw you and I laughed
and said I'd pay her to do it." Airakus shrugged, laughing as Malfoy pushed him with a light
scoff. 
“I really didn't know about Buckbeak, we were down here to watch because Pansy didn't
want to listen to me ‘whinge’ about it anymore” Malfoy mumbled.  
“I know , you're not like that anymore,” Airakus sighed.  
“Not to you anyways.” Malfoy scof fed, getting a chuckle out of Airakus.
Airakus stood soon after . 
“Better go catch up or they'll think something happened” Airakus sighed, helping Malfoy up.  
“Like your jumper Malfoy” Airakus smirked down at his own sweatshirt that Malfoy had
never returned.  
Draco went beat red, from the punch, it was most likely the bruise forming.
“Wait Rosier!” Draco grabbed his wrist stopping him from leaving.
Airakus turned around and raised his eyebrows in question, the boy suddenly stuttering.
“Call me Draco, I, I hate it when you call me Malfoy , its....it's annoying.” Draco mumbled,
Airakus grinning.  
This made them friends?  
No, this made them acquaintances.  
This made them sort of friends.  Airakus wasn't sure.  
He was just happy he had first name privilege with the boy he despised.  
“Alright Draco, I'll see you later!” Airakus smiled ear to ear before rushing of f after Harry
and the others who were now at the top of the hill.
He walked over to them and watched as the executioner lifted the axe, Hermione clinging to
Ron as Airakus rubbed her shoulder sorrow filled, his other hand on Harry's shoulder .
The four Gryfindors were standing on the top of the hill, watching as the executioner raised
his axe. Hermione and Ron hugged, Harry third wheeling while Airakus stood behind them,
looking around.
“He bit me!” Ron screeched when he dropped the rat, Ron chased after Scabbers and grabbed
him, now sitting just outside the whomping willow .
Scabbers.  
Peter . 
Fuck.
“Airakus, Hermione Harry RUN! IT'S THE GRIM!” Ron shouted horrified as he pointed past
the three friends. Harry and Hermione dove out of the way as the big black dog ran towards
Ron, Airakus didn't, he threw himself towards Ron and followed Sirius into the whomping
willow , the dog dragging Ron while Airakus helped carry him
The entire way down the tunnel all Ron was saying was crying. “Airakus what are you
doing? Get it of f please? Please!” Ron begged as Airakus followed a few feet behind. It killed
him not to reply , to follow like the angel of bloody death.
Airy managed to get Ron comfortably sat down as the dog stood behind the door . 
“Don't let go of Scabbers no matter what, do not let him get away from you, I'll be right
back!” Airakus said to a violently angry Ron before he rushed into the hall where the ‘dog’
was sitting just outside of.
“SIRIUS!” Airakus whisper -shouted to the man, Sirius had his wand in hand and looked at
Airakus wearily .
“Who are you?" Sirius snapped, his wand pointed straight at AIrakus's face. "Sirius c'mon its
me..." Airakus replied, Sirius merely stepping forwards. "Who are you?" He snapped again,
his wand fearfully close to AIrakus's temple. "Pads...its me?” Airakus asked, his eyes
welling. "Evan?" Sirius asked, Airakus's breath hitching in his throat as he looked at the man
in front of him. "Airakus?" Sirius chuckled out, breaking the silence.
Airakus nodded at which Sirius engulfed him in a hug, Sirius was scrawny and small
compared to the memories Airakus had of the man.  
Airakus was far taller than the older man which was odd to think about, but Airakus didn't
care, Remus had Sirius back. Airakus had Sirius back. "You grew! Y ou grew!" Sirius chanted
through teary eyes, as if accusing AIrkaus of breaking some house rule. "Y ou didn't!" Airakus
replied with a chuckle, the two standing in the hallway of the shrieking shack with wide eyes.
Sirius eventually went behind the door and Airakus followed him, sitting on top of the old
Piano as Sirius waited for Harry and Hermione to make their way .Airakus wondered where Remus was, and why Ron had not tried to run but then he
remembered his bleeding leg. Airakus cast a quick healing charm and a pain relief spell
making Ron look up at him and give him a confused, scared stare. Ron had been screeching
at Airakus for minutes now , asking him why and when and why he was ‘betraying them’.  
Airakus had silenced him out.
“Ron! Where's the dog!” Harry shouted as he and Hermione entered the room.
“It's a trap! He's a dog, he's an animagus!” Ron shrieked as he pointed a wiggly finger at
Sirius who had just shut the door .
“If you want to kill Harry you'll have to kill us too!” Hermione stated as she stood in front of
Harry and Ron defensively , Hermione grabbed her wand from her pocket, pointing it at
Sirius.
“Expelliarmus!” Airakus shouted as he disarmed Hermione and picked up her wand.
“Airakus wh….what?” Harry asked as he looked between his friend and Sirius Black
confused.  
“I'm going to murder you!” Harry shouted, staring coldly at Airakus, the look piercing the
Werewolf's heart.
“Only one will die tonight!” Sirius tried to reason but before he could, Harry had launched at
Sirius,  
“Then it'll be you!”. Harry had Sirius pinned to the ground!
“Expelliarmus!” Remus disarmed Harry , nodding for him to get of f of Sirius.  
Airakus stood from his spot on the piano, wand in hand as he looked between Remus and
Sirius, a smirk on his face. Harry and Hermione were whispering things with Ron, the three
of them turning to Airakus suddenly all looking rather alarmed!
“Sirius, looking rather ragged aren't we?” Remus asked his old friend, his wand still pointing
at Sirius’ s head. “Finally the flesh reflects the madness within!”.
“Well you'd know all about the madness within now wouldn't you Remus?” Sirius smirked as
Remus dropped his wand to his side, helping Sirius up. The two hugged, and Airakus almost
looked away , feeling as though he was invading a private moment. Remus looked as though
he had never felt anything before in his entire life, while Sirius looked like he finally felt
something, after twelve years of Azkaban, Airakus was sure that's how it was.
“NO! I TRUSTED YOU! AND ALL THIS TIME, you've been his friend! He's a W erewolf,
so is Airakus, that's why they've been missing classes!” Hermione cried as she glared at
Airakus.
Airakus froze.  
She knew , that much was obvious.  
Did she really think he would betray his best friends?  
His only friends?!“How Long have you known?” Remus asked as Sirius held his hand tightly . Not wanting to
ever let go again. “Since Professor Snape set the essay!” Hermione explained as she looked at
her wand on the floor . 
“I've known about Airakus far longer though” She nodded.
“Accio” Airakus mumbled, Hermione's wand flying into his hand before he tossed it to the
girl.
“I am so utterly confused!” Ron said as he held the rat tightly . 
“THA T'S HIM!” Sirius yelped as he attempted to lunge forwards, “Sirius wait!” Remus tried
but Sirius was too ready .
“I did my waiting! T welve years of it, in Azkaban!” Sirius shouted as he stood there shaking.
“Alright! But just wait one more moment, Harry has the right to know why!” Remus
reasoned with SIrius as Airakus slowly walked towards Remus to hand him back his wand.
“I know why! Y ou betrayed my parents, you're the reason they're dead!” Harry stated as he
stepped in front of Hermione.  
“No Harry , someone did betray your parents that night but it was someone until quite recently
we all thought to be dead!” Remus explained, “Who!?” Harry yelled.
“Peter Pettigrew!" Sirius echoed, as if the name itself would kill. "And he's in this room!
Come out Peter , come out come out and play!” Sirius screeched as Airakus handed Sirius
back Remus’ s wand!
“Expelliarmus!” Snape yelled, disarming Sirius as he appeared in the doorway , meeting eyes
with each kid one by one.
“Vengeance is sweet, how I hoped I'd be the one to catch you!” Snape sneered as he closed in
on Sirius, Remus and Airakus who were all standing in shock.
“Severus!” Remus interjected.
“I told Dumbeldore you were helping an old friend into the castle, now here's the proof!”
Snape continued.
“Brilliant Snivellus, you've once again put your keen and penetrating mind to the task and as
per usual come to the wrong conclusion, now if you'll excuse us, Remus and I have some
unfinished business to attend to!” Sirius ranted but was interrupted by Snape jabbing Sirius’ s
neck with his wand.
“Give me a reason not to, I beg of you!” Snape sneered as he pushed into Sirius with his
wand. “Severus, don't be a fool,” Remus said.
“He can't help it, Remus its habit by now!” Sirius chuckled, “Sirius be quiet!” Remus raised
his voice, “Oh quiet yourself Remus!” Sirius replied with a snap.
“Look at you too, quarrling like an old married couple!” Snape seethed, Remus glanced at
Sirius, the two holding back laughter which just set Severus of f, the greasy man pressing hiswand into Sirius’ s neck harsher .
“Why don't you run along and play with your chemistry set? '' Sirius replied wittily . 
“I could do it, you know? Oh the Dementors, how they're so longing to see you!” Snape
ranted as Sirius broke down slowly , “Do I detect a flicker of fear? Oh yes the Dementor's kiss
one can only imagine what amount of pain that endure, one can say its horrid to witness but
i'll do my best” Snape seethed.
“Severus Please!” Remus tried again, but before he could Airakus and Harry had both cast it
at the same time!
“Expelliarmus!” Airakus and Harry both shouted, hitting Snape with double the force,
knocking him into the wall! “Harry , Airakus!” Hermione shouted.
“Tell me about Peter Pettigrew , '' Harry demanded, pointing his wand at Sirius, Remus and
Airakus.  
“He was at school with us, we thought he was our friend” Remus sighed, “No…Pettigrews
dead, you killed him!” Harry reasoned as he pointed his wand at Sirius.
“No, he didn't, I thought so too, until” Remus began but was interrupted by Airakus.  
“Until you saw Pettigrew on the map!” Harry looked at his friend and dropped his wand
slightly , “The map was lying!” Harry screamed at Airakus, “The Map never lies!” Sirius
screeched back.
“Pettigrew was made secret keeper for your parents' location last minute, he was the real
traitor , and when Sirius found him he transformed into that fucking rat!” Airakus explained
as he walked towards Harry , who was still aiming his wand at Sirius and Remus.
“Pettigrews alive, and he's right there!” Sirius ranted as he pointed a wobbly finger at Ron.
“ME? That's mental!?” Ron exclaimed, “No not you” Sirius scof fed, “Y our rat!” Airakus
rolled his eyes as he gestured to the squealing horrified Scabbers.
“Scabbers has been in my family for” Ron began, “T welve years, that's an extensively long
life for a common garden rat!” Sirius ranted,
“He's missing a toe isn't he? All they could find of Pettigrew was his”, “Finger” Harry
finished the sentence for Sirius.  
“The deadly coward cut it of f so that everyone would think he is dead!” Sirius cried.  
“Show me!” Harry demanded.
“Give it to him, Ron!” Harry yelled, nodding as Ron began to cry silently . Scabbers ran
across the piano after Sirius let him go, Sirius, Remus and Airakus all trying to transfigure
him, until Airakus finally hit him just as he dove through the broken door .
He was disheveled. He looked as though he hadn't had a bath in years, which Airakus thought
was more than likely true.  
The man was nothing how Renus described him, nothing how Airakus had imagined the
adult version of the boy who he had watched grow up through photographs would look like.“Sirius, Remus! My old friends!” Peter shouted as he attempted to get out of Remus and
Airakus’ s firm grip. “Harry! Y ou look just like your father , like James! W e were the best of
friends!” Peter ranted when he saw Harry standing in the corner , Airaksu feeling sick to his
stomach.
“How dare you speak to Harry! How dare you talk about James in front of him!” Sirius
yelled as Peter wiggled his way out of Remus and Airakus’ s grip and dove behind the piano.
“You sold James and Lily to V oldemort didn't you?!” Remus snapped in a rage, pointing his
wand at the rat like man in a fit.  
“I didn't mean to!" Peter Whinged, turning to Sirius suddenly . "Sirius, what would you have
done!? What would you have done!?” He cried.  
“I would have died! I would have died rather than betray my friends!” Sirius spat as he
blocked Peter from running away .
The dirty man crawled under the piano and ran towards the doorway where Harry was
standing.  
“Harry , your father wouldn't have wanted me killed! He would have shown me mercy!” Peter
cried as Airakus grabbed him by the shirt and ripped him away from Harry!
“You should have known Peter that if V oldemort didn't kill you then they would!” Airakus
said as he held Peter down, “Airakus? Y ou look like your dad you do! Not long now , until
you end up just like him, cowardly vermin!” Pettigrew seethed, his tone changing to a
slithery one as he snapped at Airakus, the boy looking up to Remus and Sirius with atight
nod.
“NOW SIRIUS!” Remus shouted, “T OGETHER!” Remus and Sirius said, prepared to kill
Peter .
“NO! Don't kill him, we'll bring him to the castle!” Harry stopped Remus and Sirius to which
Airakus scof fed, shoving the dirty man back to the floor , his hands positively shaking.
“Harry , you know what this man did!?” Airakus tried to reason, “I know what he did, we'll
take him to the castle, after that the dementors can have him!” Harry said as he looked down
at Pettigrew who had begun to cry .
Airakus and Sirius helped Ron out of the Shrieking shack, Remus holding Peter with his
wand as Harry and Hermione walked in between the two.
“I normally have a very good disposition as a dog!” Sirius defended himself to Ron who was
groaning in pain. “Good, good? Y ou almost tore my leg of f!” Ron shrieked.
“Well I was going for the rat! Y ou know more than once James suggested I make the change
permanent, the tail I can live with, but the fleas, they murder!” Sirius chuckled as he looked
at Airakus, he hadn't seen that kid since he was a baby , bitten by Fenrir Greyback just as
Remus was.
The boy had grown to be very brave, ‘like James’ Sirius thought, which led him to look at
Harry . Harry looked just like James, eyes like Lily though and he was brave as well, and quick with
defensive charms if Sirius did dare say so.
They finally made it to the entrance to the Whomping W illow , Airakus stood with Peter and
Remus, Sirius walking of f with Harry to speak with him.
“If he's back, can we all be together like it was when you first got me?” Airakus asked Remus
in a hopeful whisper . 
“Maybe Pup, maybe!” Remus sighed as he patted Airakus’ s back just as hopefully . 
Airakus walked away from Remus, back to Hermione.  
“You know Harry , I understand if you'd rather stay with your aunt and uncle but....” Sirius
told Harry , the boy's eyes lighting up.  
“You mean, I could live with you?” Harry asked, Sirius smiled, “W ell, Me, Remus and
Airakus of course” Sirius began.
That's when it happened, the clouds parted and the full moon shone brightly above, like a
scene from a horror movie.
Airakus took the wolfsbane that he had put in his pocket this morning and drank it fully ,
tossing the other to Remus quickly but Remus didn't catch it, missing as he closed his eyes,
muttering prayers and as AIrakus screamed for them to run, screaming louder than he knew
he could.
They both began to transform within seconds, Airakus was double his human size, his brown
fur covering his skin, his teeth long and sharp as he howled loudly . Sirius saw Remus, and
rushed over , trying to keep him grounded.  
Airakus was already transformed fully , Harry , Ron and Hermione looking up at their friend in
terror .
He stood in front of the Whomping W illow and for once in his life, the wolfsbane potion
worked. Airakus used whatever will he had, and ran in front of his friends, blocking them
from Remus who hadn't taken the potion as he had. Although Airakus could see and hear , and
he felt as though he would remember this in the morning, he felt as his arms lifted without
meaning to, and as he howled once more, swiping down towards his friends. He watched
through a monsters eyes as he turned on his friends.
Airakus woke up in the hospital wing, the smell of people all around, fresh blood and tears
stained Airakus’ s clothes.
“Mione, what happened?!” He asked Hermione who was sitting in between Harry and Arias's
beds.
“You ran after Harry after he ran after Sirius, they've got him locked away and Pettigrew
escaped!” Hermione rambled on. “Is Remus alright!?” Airakus exclaimed in panic as he
hopped out of bed, having seemingly been strapped down and asleep since the dementor
attack last night he was barely in any pain.
“He's safe and is in his room, Madame Pomfrey didn't want him in here whilst we were all in
a panic!” Hermione explained as she put a reassuring hand on Airakus’ s shoulder . Harrywoke up soon after followed by Ron and now they were all sat talking about Sirius and how
he was going to receive the Dementors kiss.
“Professor Dumbeldore, you've got to believe us! They've got the wrong man!” Airakus
shouted at the old wizard when he entered the room, “It's true sir , it was Scabbers that did it!”
Ron cried to the Headmaster who looked between the four confused.  
“Scab…scabbers?” Dumbeldore stutterd confused. “He's my rat sir , well he was my brother
percy’ s rat but he's not really a rat” Ron began rambling before Hermione interrupted. “What
Rons trying to say is that Sirius is innocent!”.
“I believe you, but I hate to say that the words of 4, 13 year old wizards, although truthful,
are irrelevant. Unless” Dumbeldore paused and looked at the clock before turning to
Hermione, Harry and Airakus. “Y ou know the rules Mrs.Granger , you must not be seen. If
you succeed, more than two innocent lives can be spared! Y ou must be back before the
chime, 5 turns will do!” Dumbledore said to Hermione before he turned and left the
infirmary .
“What?” Harry and Airakus said in unison, “Sorry Ron, but as I'm seeing you can't walk”
Hermione sighed as she took out a time turner and wrapped it around all three of their necks,
turning it 5 times before time itself began to change.
Chapter End Notes
 
alright so this chapter is longer given there's alot stuf fed in here, be ready for some
goooood chapters with the juice!  
Also note that my name is Peter , so writing these chapters makes me ungodly confused
when I try rereading it late at night and think 'why am I a rat? Why does Airakus hate
me?' like bruh💀  I died.  
We get some more gays in this chapter , especialy with W olfstar reunion......Time warp
Chapter Summary
Lets do the time warp agaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaain.  
Its just a jump to the left oahwiuvkbtyjwvzisvjb  
and then a step to the riiiiiiighhhht  
I love that song.
time travel, some ar guments and a discovery . 
Brothersssssssssss.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Wicked” Airakus grinned.
Hermione Jean Granger had a time turner , and she had been hiding it from them all year!
“7:30, where were we at 7:30?”  
“I dunno, going down to Hagrids?”  
“Let's go and we must not be seen!”
Airakus grinned the entire way down to Hagrids, waving to everyone they ran into, giddy at
Harry's confused look of deja vu.  
They got to the bridge and Airakus heard them, Hermione yelling at Malfoy .
“This is not normal” Harry exclaimed, his voice wobbling as Hermione spun him away from
the passageway .
“This is a time turner , Harry , it's how I've been getting to my classes all year . Honestly I'm
surprised none of you noticed, at least Airakus knew what it bloody was!” Hermione scof fed,
making Airakus snort.
“You mean you've been going back in ti….” Harry began, but was cut of f when Hermione
shushed him, staring at the scene nearby which had gone quiet suddenly . 
Airakus was still chuckling a bit, before he too got confused and followed Hermione's gaze.  
That's when he saw it.  
They had left.  
Draco and Airakus.  
Were sitting together . 
Airakus watched himself wipe away the blood, chuckle with Malfoy who went beat red,
Hermione knew they needed to go get Buckbeak, but she was too distracted, clearly .“Let's go we're losing time!” Airakus grunted as he dragged Hermione and Harry of f down
into the woods to avoid being seen.  
They walked silently to Hagrids, getting there and ducking behind the pumpkins.
“We’re not leaving, why aren't we leaving!?” Hermione furrowed her eyebrows, Airakus
hadn't been down to Hagrids that day , so it was odd to watch his best friends while talking to
their future selves at the same time.
“Is that really what my hair looks like from the back?” The girl began, Airakus yanking
Hermione back before she could see herself.  
“Your an idiot”  
“Shut up”
“Now what do we do?” Harry asked as the three stood in the underbrush of the forbidden
forest with Buckbeak around a half hour later . 
“Now we wait” Airakus sighed as he sank down the tree stump, putting his head in his knees
tired.  
He should be recovering from the moon, and the violent fear that he would transform again
was pounding at the back of his head like a migraine
They sat in silence for a few minutes before Harry stood, tapping his foot as he paced
anxiously back and forth.  
He turned to Airakus suddenly , his eyebrows raised.
“So, what were you and Malfoy doing up there after we left?” Harry asked, looking at
Airakus expectingly while Hermione stood in between them, looking nervous.  
They didn't need to ar gue right now , they had more important things to worry about.
“I was checking on him, I already told you what I was doing.” Airakus replied in a scof f. 
His knees hurt, his head hurt, he could feel a scar on his leg tearing his skin every time he
moved.  
“That didn't look like checking on him mate” Harry laughed, an empty laugh that made
Airakus shiver . 
“Harry stop it” Hermione muttered to him, but he wasn't having it.
“No Hermione, I want to know why Airakus was sitting there getting all buddy-buddy with
Draco bloody Malfoy!” Harry yelled. If he was any louder , someone would find them.
“Shut up alright? I wasn’ t doing anything with Malfoy , I..I fucking hate him ok? I was
fucking making sure he didnt have a concussion, or that she didnt knock his tooth out
because I didnt want detention” Airakus sighed, Hermione frowning slightly .
“Did I really hit him that hard?” She asked.  
“Yea Mione he was bleeding pretty bad.” Airakus sighed.  
“Doesn't matter . It's Malfoy , he deserved it.'' Harry stared blankly as he sat down beside
Airakus, clearly over whatever anger induced outbreak he had just had.  
“Yea” Airakus muttered back as they waited.The sound of laughter came first, it was Ron and Airakus talking.  
“You see me and Sirus over there?” Harry asked Hermione and Airakus, staring at his past
self and Sirius of f talking, looking towards the castle.
“He's asking me to go live with him,”
Airakus froze for a moment.  
He had assumed that Sirius would move back in with Remus and him, he had assumed a lot
he supposed.  
Harry was his godson, so would they be like brothers now? W ould Sirius even be able to
adopt Harry after what happened?
“That's amazing Harry!” Hermione smiled.  
“Yea, amazing” Airakus mumbled.
That's when he heard it.  
The howl.  
It was loud, and it was Remus.  
Airakus hadn't even noticed the clouds clearing, but soon enough he could see Remus closing
in on Harry , Hermione and Ron.  
Airakus watched himself block Remus and grow at him lowly , fully transformed while
Remus was still mid change. Sirius had been thrown of f of Remus and with Snape passed
out, Airakus wasn't sure what they were supposed to do, given he hadn't been conscious to
remember what had happened.  
Hermione and Harry weren’ t moving, just giving each other glances.
Airakus lunged at Remus and tackled him away from the kids, they began fighting, until
Remus threw Airakus of f. 
He was bigger . 
He was getting closer . 
“AWOOOOOOO” Hermione screeched.  
“AWOOOOOOOOOOOOO”  
Remus’ s attention was now on the three kids in the woods, but he wasn't moving.  
Werewolves only responded to the call of their own kind.
“AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOO” Airakus yelled, and with that Remus came barreling towards
them.  
Hermione, Harry and him ducked behind a tree, trying to escape the beast that was
threatening them so closely . 
They snuck between trees, Hermione's empty breaths replaced by Harry's hand silencing her . 
Airakus could smell Remus’ s blood boiling, he also was well aware that he himself as the
wolf was out here in the woods somewhere, or perhaps unconscious due to Remus’ s hit.
Airakus backed behind a tree, Harry’ s hand in his as he dragged his friends in a line, he
turned to be face to face with great big yellow eyes staring down at him.  
Airakus braced for the hit, the bite, the pain; but nothing came, just round yellow eyes staring
back at him, curious and frightened.  
Remus was snif fing Airakus confused.  
Mostly , Airakus assumed, because he smelled like a W erewolf, he was a W erewolf, but hewas still in human form.  
Remus stared down at the kids, a sudden sneer appearing on his long face as he raised his
claw, that's when Buckbeak scared him of f.
“Merlin, we almost died!” Harry stared blankly towards Buckbeak, Airakus tossing the
hippogrif f a ferret as he untied him from the tree.  
“Yea, what do you think made him stop?” Hermione mumbled, turning to Airakus.  
He paused, he thought it was obvious.  
“Werewolves won't hurt each other during the moons, or well, me and Remus never do unless
for example today , we were already fighting before we transformed. He saw me, in human
form, got confused so he stopped.” Airakus shrugged.  
“But how did he know it was you? W erewolves for get everything when they transform?”
Hermione began confused.
“Well he's on W olfsbane Potion, which usually keeps him conscious. And besides, we can
smell each other from a mile away . I doubt he'd hurt Sirius if they came face to face during a
moon, or me, or either of you.” Airakus shrugged.  
He had talked to Madame Pomfrey about it before, the thought of him hurting any of his
friends during a moon.
Harry and Hermione were both relatively quiet as they walked through the woods with
Buckbeak.  
They walked for a while longer , Harry leading the way , Hermione and the Hippogrif f
following as Airakus watched the woods around them.
“You're dying, both of you….” Hermione stuttered as she watched the horde of dementors
suck the souls from Harry and Sirius.  
Airakus knew nobody was coming.  
He knew that Harry hadn't seen his dad.  
He knew Harry was going to have to do it.  
And as if Harry had heard his thoughts, he drew his wand and shouted.
“Ok, who wants to steer?” Airakus asked as they got ready to fly up and save Sirius.  
Harry grinning, breaking the silence that had fallen after his little show with the Patronus.  
“I will!” Harry smiled as Airakus helped him mount Buckbeak, Hermione and Airakus
following.
“I HA TE FL YINGGGG!” Hermione wailed as the boys cheered excitedly , flying on the
hippogrif f through the night sky .
“BOMBARDA MAXIMA!”
They landed in the courtyard, Sirius and Airakus got of f Buckbeak and helped the other two
down slowly . 
Hermione fed him another ferret as Sirius, Airakus and Harry all sat down by the pillars.
 
“I'll forever be grateful for this, to all three of you” Sirius smiled, that Sirius Black smile that
Remus spoke so fondly of, now Airakus could see why . He could see the joy , the spark, it was dim, but it was back.
“I want to go with you!” Harry retaliated as Hermione handed Sirius Buckbeak's rope.  
“Perhaps someday , for the foreseeable future my life will be far too unpredictable, besides,
I'm sure I'll see you soon enough,” Sirius looked to Airakus when he finished his sentence,
and Airakus understood.  
“But you're innocent!” Hermione scof fed. 
“And you all know it, for now , that will be good enough” Sirius smirked.
“I suspect you're tired of hearing this, but you so look like your father . But your eyes, you
have….” “My mother ’s eyes.” Harry chuckles, Sirius nodding warmly . 
“And you, you look just like Ev , and a bit of Barty too, never knew how they managed
that…” Sirius chuckled, Airakus giving him a strange look.  
“You really are the brightest witch of your age” Sirius smiled to Hermione as Airakus helped
him up onto Buckbeak, Hermione holding Harry’ s hand to stop the boy from running after
the Hippogrif f, Airakus standing to the side.  
Just like that, Sirius flew away , Airakus ignoring Harry’ s silent tears beside him as he himself
tried to hide his own emotions.
He wondered where he was going, when he would be back, if he had spoken to Remus about
it all?
The kids raced back to the Hospital W ing, meeting Dumbledore just outside.  
“We did it, he's free!” Harry grinned.  
“Did what? Goodnight!” Dumbedlore winked as he strolled of f. 
Cryptic old man.
Harry and Airakus were sitting together that night in the dorm, Ron still down in the hospital
wing and everyone else unaware and asleep in their beds, Neville’ s light snores the only
sound beside Hedwigs soft hoots.
“So, you've got a Godfather!” Airakus said to Harry , breaking the silence that had fallen after
the boys had sat down on Airakus’ s bed and closed the curtains, casting a silencing charm so
that they couldn't speak freely .
“Yea, and he's your dad? That's still confusing mate!” Harry chuckled, “erm…well Sirius is
like my dad, given Remus and him are…best friends, so we are brothers!” Airakus chuckled
as he ate some chocolate, still recovering from the moon.
Harry’ s eyes lit up, “Y ea, brothers!” he finished.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, rushed chapeter , idk what i was thinking when I write this but still.  
Some termiol betewen the boys, wotn last given summer hits in a wee little bit.I took a good long three month break between writing after I finished this chapter , so the
wrwitng style is dif ferent from here on out, though still the same moslty idk.
Thanks for all the love like I posted this today and its already got 1 1 hits?!End of Term
Chapter Summary
End of term and start of summer . 
Seamus stays with Airakus- friendship BONDINGGGG  
More Malfoy being weird, along with some W erewolf chatting/
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
After a lot of packing, a few pillow fights, one ar gument and an accidental punch in the jaw
Airakus was sitting in the compartment with Harry , Ron, Hermione and Ginny , a bruise from
said accidental punch on his jawline.  
Seamus was of f somewhere with Dean and Lee Jordan looking for the twins, though he
would be going with Airkaus back to W ales when the train landed in the station.
“Try and write this summer?” Hermione ar gued with Ron as Harry and Airakus watched
them silently sharing humorous looks, Ginny asleep.
“You know I wont, besides, you'll be at mine by Harry’ s birthday ,” Ron ar gued back.  
Hermione grunted as Harry turned to Airakus, gesturing towards the door , the taller boy
nodded.  
“Bathroom” Harry sighed as he and Airakus both escaped from Hermione and Rons
bickering.
“Bit tired of their bickering,” Harry chuckled. “Believe me, it'll just get worse once they
realise they're in love with each other .” Airakus replied with a scof f.
Harry made a distasteful look but didn't say anything as they found the compartment where
the twins were.  
“I'm actually going to go to the bathroom now , be right back!” Airakus chuckled to Harry as
the boy entered the compartment which smelled oddly of smoke.  
Harry nodded as Airakus walked of f, heading to the back of the train where the small
bathrooms were.
He entered the small room and climbed up onto the counter . 
It was reminding him of that time when he and Draco had ar gued.  
He hadn't seen Draco since the day when everything had happened with Sirius. It had been in
potions earlier that day , he hadn’ t said a word the entire class, not to Draco especially .
Speak of the devil and he shall appear .“Hi”  
He was smiling up at Airakus who was grinning back towards the door where he had just
entered.
“Hey there Blondie, how are you?”  
“I'm alright”  
“Just alright?” Airakus sighed with a bit of a chuckle as he leaned onto his arm, seething as
his hand hit the bruise on his jaw .
“What?” Draco asked, suddenly crossing the room.  
“Huh?” Airakus replied confusedly as he rubbed his face.  
That's when Draco grabbed his arm and glared at the bruise, his face mere inches away from
Airakus’ s.
“Who did that?”  
“Seamus punched me by accident while we were packing?” Airakus explained with a nervous
chuckle, distracted by how close Draco was. “Did he now?” Draco snarled as he let go of
Airakus’ s arm and sat down beside him, still looking at the bruise.
“Jesus Malfoy” Airakus mumbled as Draco finally looked away , the blonde boy not hearing
him.
“Are you staying with W easel for the holiday?”  
“Only for August, for the Quidditch world cup. Me and Sea are with Remus in W ales for a
week, then it's just me until then.”  
“Ah right, Remus”  
“Don't even alright, I can ar gue with you about Hermione but I swear to god Malfoy if you
say one word about him I will fucki…”  
“No! It's not like that! I swear it's not! I actually liked him, as a professor I mean.” Draco
mumbled the last part, but Airakus heard him, you know , Werewolf senses.
After that article came out in the prophet, Remus had been fired. It had all happened so quick
and so soon after the fiasco that Airakus didn’ t even have time to ar gue with Dumbledore or
call upon the ministry for being idiots, instead he merely helped Remus pack his dreams
away . 
That teaching position was cursed anyways.
Airakus had been afraid of what his friends would say , Malfoy especially . 
This reaction was strange, yet ideal.
“Well I'd better head back, Harrys probably looking for me…” Airakus sighed, looking away
from Malfoy who had caught his gaze a few seconds ago.
“Yea, same with Pansy”  
“Yea”
The two stood and went towards the door , when Airakus’ s wrist was grabbed, he turned to
face Draco.  
“Promise me you'll write?” Draco asked, and Airakus paused.“Where do I write to?”  
“Lunas, I cant open them without my father reading them first if you send them to the
manor .” "Luna Lovegood?" Airakus chuckled, Draco giving him an odd look.  
"yes..."  
“She’ s my cousin you know? I barely saw her this year , she’ s in second right?” Airakus
asked, Draco nodding slowly . “Luna lives near Ron right? Can’ t I just give them to her
instead of sending them there once I'm staying at his?”  
“Erm…I suppose yes. W e could see each-other then? Meet at Lunas, trade letters”  
“Why would we trade letters if we see each other?”  
“Because if anyone sees us talking well be fucked” Draco stared blankly at Airakus as if that
were obvious.  
“Right yea” Airakus shook his head, ignoring the burning sensation of Draco's hand wrapped
around his wrist, and the way it was making his heart pound.  
Odd.
“So W rite me and then tell me once you get to W easleys alright?” Draco asked, almost
looking eager? It was slightly of f putting that he wanted to see Airakus? They despised each
other , hated each other , they weren't friends, they had both stated it many times.
“Yea, yea I will”  
“Promise?”  
“Yea, promise”
They stood in the doorway for a few more minutes, until Draco spoke again.  
“I'll erm…m..mmmm... .um..I'll see you soon.” Draco finished as he let go of Airakus’ s wrist,
storming of f down the corridor as Airakus watched him, an odd smirk on his face.
Draco bloody Malfoy .
Seamus had to go home first and switch trunks, and see his mother , so Airakus apparated
back to W ales with Remus and awaited Seamus’ s arrival.
He was sitting in the lounge with Remus when suddenly Seamus and his mother popped out
of the fireplace, his bag in hand as his mother sat down for tea with Remus.
“Remus, how have you been?” she asked as the boys rushed along upstairs, Mrs.Finnigan had
gone to school with Remus so they would be catching up for a while.
“This is my room, just toss your bags on the bed!” Airakus sighed happily as he sat on the
edge of his four posters giddily .
“This is about to be the coolest summer ever! I'm here for a week and then I'm of f to Deans
before the world cup! Are you going with them all? Fred said Arthur got tickets.” Seamus
asked as he pulled a few things out of his duf fle bag and tossed them on the empty bed.
“Yea I am, Hermiones going as well, should be awesome!” Airakus replied with a smile as he
began tossing a ball up and down, watching Seamus unpack.“Great! W e'll all hangout while we're there, it's a week-long camping trip at best,” Seamus
said as he sat back down on his bed, looking at Airakus with a small laugh.
“They'll be talking like that for hours mate, what do you wanna do?” Airakus said when
Seamus gestured towards the floor , implying that his mum was still here and therefore they
shouldn't get up to anything.
“How about a tour? Never been here before have I?” Seamus asked sarcastically as Airakus
stood and gestured around his room ef fortlessly before walking into the hallway .
“No you'd be the first! This is the bathroom” Airakus explained as he led Seamus into the
small yellow bathroom.
“The first? Like out of our friends or?” Seamus asked, Airakus nodded, “First friend to ever
come round, I didn't go to school until last year mate, what friends would I have made in the
woods in W ales that weren't muggles?” Airakus chuckled as he showed Seamus how the sink
worked and stuf f.
“True, true, hold on….” Seamus paused as they began walking down the stairs, “Is that
Harry’ s mum and dad?” Seamus asked, pointing to a photo hanging on the stairwell wall.
“Yea, Remus and Harry’ s parents were friends” Airakus explained as he began walking
again, entering the kitchen and giving Seamus the generic tour of the first floor .
“Now , that shed has a boggart in it so avoid it. The other one had a cursed rake last time I
went in it so don't go in there either . The woods have a lot of creatures in them, Thestrals, a
few deer , wolves, Fairies, Cornish Pixies, Centaurs, so just don't go in there alone and erm,
there's a ghoul that lives in the old manor around a 15 minute walk down the beach so if you
hear screaming at night it's either that or Remus playing solitaire…” Airakus explained with a
chuckle.
“This feels like the W easleys' house times 10” Seamus laughed as he and Airakus began
walking around the side of the house, through the garden and towards the small stone brick
wall that separated the house and lawn from the pebble beach.
Airakus laughed as he hopped of f the wall and onto the rocky beach, “W e've got to go
hunting for sea glass later on! I owe Harry like 6 pieces from a bet we made,” Airakus
sighed.
“You've got to stop gambling mate, you lost every bet you made to Harry last year!” Seamus
sighed as he tossed a few rocks into the water , trying to skip them like Dean had showed him.
“That's because Harry cheated, 100 percent!” Airakus defended himself as he successfully
skipped a rock at least 12 times, “Harry cheated with eh? Ironic coming from you.” Seamus
raised an eyebrow with a scof f at the other boy .
Airakus just laughed as he skipped another rock.  
He wondered when Draco would write.Chapter End Notes
I love making Seamus a disaster , its just so perfect.  
Also, thanks for all the hits!!!!!!! Ill try and post more chapters today :pppSummer Secrets
Chapter Summary
Airakus and Seamus share some secrets, the truth is revealed.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next 3 ish days Seamus and Airakus went for walks and looked for cool rocks and
mushrooms to send their friends, they danced to records and ate meals with Remus while
they talked about Quidditch and gossiped about school.
Airakus got a few letters in the post from Lola and David in the village over the school year ,
but Lola had moved out west last month and David had stopped writing so Airakus assumed
that that trio of friends was over with.
Airakus wrote Draco in those first three days twice.
The first was just a little note saying that it was him and that Draco had told him to write to
Luna for him.  
The second was just him asking how his summer was going.
Seamus learnt a ton about nature and magical creatures and Airakus learned a lot about the
wizarding world while Seamus watched him pathetically try to read the daily prophet without
Hermione to point out the beginning of every article for him!
The next few weeks Airakus and Draco exchanged letters like madmen.  
Airakus had assumed that the boy would maybe write to him a few times, but he had sent a
whole box full of letters that were now stuf fed under Airakus’ s bed in the bottom of his
school trunk.  
They talked about their summers, how Seamus and Luna were, how the weather was.  
Draco had sent Airakus a new chocolate bar from the muggle village near Lunas house, Old
Saint Chapole, and Airakus had sent him back a pumpkin pasty that Remus had made.
He guiltily reread them at night after Seamus had fallen asleep, not wanting him to ask who
they were from.
It was July 23rd and Seamus and Airakus had a big day planned, they woke up at the crack of
dawn and ate the biggest breakfast they could make given they had mutually agreed that
pausing adventures to come inside and eat was pathetic and an overall waste of their time.
The first thing they needed to do was walk into the woods and find some moss, they wanted
to brew a potion that they had made in class the year before and moss was one of theingredients. The boys walked through the woods silently , Seamus following closely behind
Airakus, the Irish boy scared of every noise that the thick magical woods made.
“Seamus, calm down, I can feel you shaking mate!” Airakus chuckled after they had finished
collecting the moss.
“It's not my fault you've got those weird enhanced senses Airy , you're just magic” Seamus
sighed in defeat as he inspected the handful of moss he was carrying.
“We’re wizards, we’re all magic?” Airakus chuckled as he and Seamus left the woods and
landed back in front of the cottage, the bright sunny day they had been hoping for turning
into a windy cloudy one around noon.
They had put the moss in a vial and went to the lake to get water when Airakus began
hysterically laughing, “Lakes are freshwater , were gonna have to wait for it to rain to even
try” he said through giggles when he remembered that they needed salt water for their potion.
Seamus and Airakus decided that lunch wasn't all that pathetic after their long morning and
the two settled into the lounge, listening to ‘the cramps’ while they ate their peanut butter
sandwiches.  
“Why no Jelly mate?” Seamus asked as he bit into the soggy peanut butter and bread
monstrosity , “because Jelly isn't a sandwich food, it's a quarter bread spread” Airakus scof fed
as if this was common knowledge.
“What's a Quarter Bread Spread?” Seamus asked. Airakus looked as though Seamus had just
asked him who David Bowie was (which Ron had asked Airakus and the werewolf hadn't
spoken to the ginger for at least 6 hours). “REMUS! SEA DOESN'T KNOW WHA T A
QUAR TER BREAD SPREAD IS!” Airakus shouted from the lounge, “and your mother calls
herself my friend!” Remus said in disgust as he came tumbling out of his room and into the
lounge.\
Remus showed Seamus his famous ‘Lupin quarter bread spread’ which was really just a piece
of toast, cut into quarters, one quarter with peanut butter , one with raspberry jelly , one with
strawberry jam and one with butter . Seamus ate the entire thing and nodded approvingly at
Remus and Airakus who stood nervous with anticipation.
Seamus and Airakus left the house at around 5 to go for a walk, they still needed the shells
for Harry . They walked down the beach, in the opposite direction of the old haunted manor
that Seamus was still terrified of, and stopped when they reached a particularly sandy part of
the beach.
Seamus stood on the beach counting his sea glass while Airakus was in the water up to his
shins picking up shiny rocks.
“Im nervous” Seamus said suddenly which caught Airakus of f guard, “Nervous for what?”
The taller boy asked, “to go to Deans” Seamus responded.  
Airakus was slightly confused, “Why , he's your best mate?”.Seamus sighed as he hung his head low , “I've got a secret Airy and you can't tell anybody , not
even Harry , not even Remus alright?” Seamus made him swear , Airakus nodded slowly , kind
of scared.  
“If I knew how , I would make you take an unbreakable vow!” Seamus said as he stared at the
tall boy fearfully .
“Of course Sea, I'm not gonna tell anybody!” Airakus reassured Seamus, who sighed deeper
than Airakus had never heard anyone sigh ever before.  
Seamus looked to Airakus, then at his bare feet, then back at Airakus and with another sigh
he finally spit it out.
“I fancy Dean.”
Airakus grinned the biggest grin ever , the entire thing covering his face splitting his head in
two.
“Really?” Airakus asked through a small giggle that he was trying very hard to suppress.  
“Yea, and I dunno what to do about it because he doesn't fancy me!” Seamus sighed as his
eyes began to water . 
“It’ll be alright Sea.” Airkaus begab, skipping another rock. Seamus shook his head with a
scoff “When Harry finds out make sure you tell me” Airakus sighed, “Why?” Seamus asked,
genuinely confused, “Because I've just won my first bet against him!” Airakus grinned at
Seamus who hit him in the chest angrily .
“Stop making bets on my love life please!? Seamus exclaimed. “How much?” Seamus asked
with a raised eyebrow as he looked at Airakus curiously . “I bet 10 pounds that you fancied
Dean, Harry bet 20 that you didn't because ‘if Sea was gay I would know’!” Airakus mocked
Harry as he leaned back on his hands, watching the sun slowly setting.
“How on earth would he know? Not like I've told anyone other than you.” Seamus chuckled
nervously .
“You're not, like mad about it or anything?” Seamus asked wearily as he looked to Airakus
for some sort of reassurance.
“Course not mate, Remus is gay , and besides I've fancied a bloke or two before, I mean have
you seen Billy Idol?” Airakus asked with a chuckle, the reference going straight over
Seamus’ s head.
“So are you gay or?” Seamus asked Airakus who stopped skipping rocks for a moment.  
“Dunno honestly , what about you?” Airakus asked Seamus who was smiling ear to ear ,
“super gay , hundred percent” Seamus laughed.
The two laughed for a while before Seamus spoke again.  
“That was my biggest secret!” he began, “Only fair if you tell me yours now” he chuckled as
he leaned back on his elbows.
Airakus didn't even hesitate, he trusted Seamus and now knowing that he knew Seamus’ s
secret it was fair to tell him his own.“I'm a W erewolf.” Airakus muttered as he avoided eye contact with Seamus.
“No way!” Seamus said through a bit of a laugh, clearly not believing him.
“Im being dead serious, so is Remus as you now know , that's why I live with him, he was
undercover in the wolf pack that attacked my family and turned me,” Airakus explained as he
laid down completely , the damp sand getting all over his back and in his now longer out of
control hair .
“Wow mate, I owe Hermione so much money…” Seamus chuckled as Airakus hit him in the
arm this time.
“And you told me not to gamble, hypocrite” Airakus chuckled as the two made their way
back to the cottage for dinner .
Summer was going great.
Chapter End Notes
This is by far one of my favorite chapters in the entire fic!  
I am so proud of my little guys.  
Also before anyone asks, yes this chapter is short, and no It doesnt stay this length
because consistency is for people who can focus for more than ten minutes.Weasleys
Chapter Summary
Summer at the W easleys- days leading up to the world cup, and a visit at the Lovegoods.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Seamus and Airakus repeated that day for the remainder of their time together , talking about
meaningful things in their lives, Seamus talking about his sexuality , Airakus talking about his
childhood and his family . They had grown the closest that Airakus had been with anybody in
years in only a few days and boy was Airakus thankful for that.
Seamus left the day before the full moon, Airakus moping about the house after he was gone.
That full moon wasn't as bad as Airakus had expected it to be. W ith him being 14 now , he
only got a few small scars and a sore throat the morning after , nothing to major .
It was now August 14th and Seamus had arrived at Deans the week prior , Airakus and Remus
were at in the lounge, preparing to floo to the W easleys for the Quidditch world cup and
Airakus was finishing up with his packing, getting his school things ready as well given he
wouldn't be returning to W ales after the cup.
“Ready?” Remus asked Airakus as they stepped into the fireplace and prepared to floo to the
burrow . “Yep!” Airakus reassured him as the two disappeared into the bright green flames.  
They arrived in the lounge at the Burrow in a mere blink of an eye, Airakus falling out of the
fireplace straight into Ron and Harry . 
“AIR Y!” They both chanted as they engulfed the W erewolf in a hug. “Merlin you just about
scared the bollocks of f of me mate!” Airakus sighed after they let him go.
 
.“Now , I’ll leave you here Pup, I'll meet you at the world cup in a few days promise!” Remus
reminded him as he gave Airakus a hug goodbye. “Be good.” Remus added with a quick
wave to the W easleys before returning to the fire.
“How's your summer been mate?” Ron asked Airakus as the three of them lugged
Airkus'school things up the stairs and into Ron's room.
“Good, Seamus left last week so i've been pretty bored but other than that,” Airakus shrugged
as he sat down and retired his undone shoes.
“Seamus stayed with you right!” Ron reminded himself, “Did you tell him?” Harry asked
curiously , “erm, about the W erewolf thing, yea, about my undying love for his mother , no”Airakus smiled as Harry hit him upside the head with a pillow . 
Harry and Airakus both stood to follow Ron back downstairs to visit the family , Hermione
would be getting there the day they were leaving for the world cup so it was just the boyz for
now.
“Merlin, you got taller!” Ginny squeaked when she stood face to face with Airakus.
“So did you Ginny!” Airakus tried to reason but the girl was already poking and prodding at
his arms and legs, exclaiming about how no 14 year old wizard should be nearly 6 feet tall.
“That's a new one!” Ginny said when she saw a fresh looking scar right above Airakus’ s left
knee. “Erm ... .yeah, got it a few nights ago” Airakus bit his tongue, he hadn't told Ginny
about the whole W erewolf thing yet.
Ginny gave him an unconvinced look before she led the boys into the kitchen for dinner .
Airakus spent that night chatting with Ron and Harry about the world cup excitedly . 
He hadn't seen Fred and Geor ge at dinner given they were ‘out’ with Bill which meant they
were of f doing something they weren't supposed to be doing all afternoon.
After dinner Airakus Harry and Ron went outside for a quick walk around, Airakus had never
been at the burrow during the summer before, and he was having a hard time deciding if it
was better or worse than winter . Either way it was beautiful. They decided to go flying for a
bit and after around four matches of violent Quidditch, Airakus hopped of f his broom and
began walking inside with Harry , Ron having dashed ahead of them to put the brooms away .
Airakus opened the bedroom door that led to Ron's room to be face to face with Fred and
Geor ge who were eating Rons sweets.
“Airy!” Fred said excitedly hugging Airakus before dashing away from Ron who had just
entered the room. Geor ge doing the same while Harry and Airkaus laughed at Ron’ s anger .
The next few days flew past, Airakus and Harry running around outside with Ginny while
Ron (Who was grounded) was doing dishes and complaining.
Hermione arrived later that week, Molly preparing a four course meal for the girl as if she
was the queen of england.
It was only a few days before the word cup and Airakus was sitting in between the twins
while Arthur told them about things at work, none of them listening too intently . Quite
suddenly an owl swopped through the open window , a white one with brown splotches and a
brown head, it looked like Hedwig if she had gotten covered in mud.
It was holding something green with ‘Airakus’ written in cursive on the envelope.  
Airakus plucked the letter from the bird, giving it a pat as it flew back out the window .
“Who's it from? Surely not Remus, he could have just visited!” Molly inquired as Airakus
stuffed it into his pocket, not wanting Harry and Hermione who were on either side of him to
read it over his shoulder .“Nothing, probably just from a friend, maybe Seamus or Nev ,” Airakus shrugged as he
continued to eat, ignoring his pestering friends.
After dinner Airakus bolted up to Ron's room to open the letter . 
Draco hadn't written to him since Seamus left W ales, which was weeks ago at this point.  
He had grown slightly nervous that the boy got over whatever odd not friendship they we’re
currently in and given up writing.
 
Dear Airakus,
I'm sorry I haven't written you back in quite a few weeks, father had kept me at the manour
until quite recently so I didn't even receive your letter from Luna until yesterday evening.
I'm staying at the Lovegoods for the next week or so, so come visit if you really want to.  
Of course, I don't want anyone to see us talking, but I think Luna wouldn't mind you paying a
visit, she thinks rather fondly of you oddly enough given you’re a right twat./p>
I listened to that muggle guy you told me to ask Luna about, who was it again, ah yes Ziggy
who lived on Mars? He's rather good, I think Professor Lupin played his music in class
before, no?
Well, I'll be at the Lovegoods.  
Send Luna and I a note telling us when you're coming and I'll get Xenepilious to leave so we
can all sit in the lounge.
-D
 
Airakus read, and re-read the letter before diving into his trunk to find his quill and paper . 
He wrote back in a sort of scribble given he could hear Harry and Ron coming up the stairs.
 
Thanks for writing me back.  
I'll come visit tomorrow . Ron and Harry have to go get their books from Diagon Alley , (i've
already got mine).  
Also its David Bowie, and its Ziggy Stardust and Spiders from Mars you actual idiot.
-Airakus
 
Airakus sent that out with Erel giving, sending Hedwig was too risky incase she came back
and Harry found out where she had gone.
“Mate, who was that letter from?” Harry asked as he and Ron entered Ron's bedroom, both of
them looked rather tired which was good, given they would fall asleep before they could
really ask Airakus anything important.“Just an old mate from home” Airakus lied, his stomach turning.  
He didn't like lying to his friends.  
But it was for Draco.  
Malfoy . 
They weren't friends.  
He had to remind himself that every time he thought of the other boy . 
Everytime he thought of what happened, every time he wore his Quidditch sweater , all he
could think about was the green one at the bottom of his trunk.
“There's wizards back where you're from?” Ron asked.  
Shite.  
Caught in that lie.  
Deny , deny , deny .
“Erm, well, technically not, he moved away , lives closer to England now .” Airakus shrugged
them of f as he plopped onto his bed and turned of f his light.
 
The next morning Airakus woke up to see that nobody was home.  
They had let him sleep in given he wasn't going with them to diagon alley; it was perfect, if
there was no one home, then there was nobody to explain himself too.
Airakus showered and brushed his untamed hair , something he tended to avoid.  
He got dressed, wearing his Gryfindor house sweatshirt and jeans, a simple outfit that if he
was caught wouldn’ t raise suspicion.  
It was still rather cold in the mornings where Ron lived, as it was in W ales where Airakus
lived, so the sweater was necessary . 
He grabbed his wand, a few galleons and some muggle money before he crept down the
stairs.
As he reached for the doorknob to the back of the Burrow he heard someone clear their
throat, and when he turned around he saw Hermione sitting at the kitchen table, a tea in her
hands as she stared at him suspiciously .
Shit. 
Caught.
Again.
“Where are you of f to? It's only 1 1?" Hermione spoke, Airakus’ s eyes filled with panic.  
She couldn't know .
“Though I would pay a visit to Lunas, haven't seen her in ages,” Airakus shrugged.  
It was true.
He and Luna hadn't really crossed paths in his first year at Hogwarts.  
They were cousins afterall, and he had always loved her dearly . 
She was one of his only friends when he was growing up.  
One of the only people who knew about his lycanthropy .“Luna Lovegood? Why are you friends with her all of a sudden?" Hermione asked, confused.  
It was odd, she had never seen them speak to one another and now he was paying her a visit?
“She's my cousin Mione. Her mom and my dad were twins,” Airakus blanked.  
He had assumed that she had known that, he had sworn he had told his friends about his
relations to the Lovegoods before, but then again he never really spoke about his family .
“Oh, well, tell her I said hi.” Hermione muttered slowly , her eyes still full of suspicion.
Airakus bolted away from the burrow out of breath.
That had been a rather close one to be frank.
Thank God for Luna.
Airakus arrived at the Lovegoods almost a half hour of walking.  
He was lucky he knew the scent of the house or cutting through the woods as a shortcut
wouldn't have ended as well as it did.
He walked up the stone steps, glad to be back.  
He hadn't visited Luna since he was young, and sure, he was here to see Draco, but he had
missed his family .
He rang the doorbell and heard some commotion in the house before the door swung open to
reveal Luna standing, her hair in braids, wearing a purple flowy dress, Draco behind her , in a
black t-shirt and green pants, the boy staring anywhere but at Airakus.
“Aira!” Luna grinned as she hugged Airakus tightly , the boy chuckling as he hugged her
back.
“When Draco said you were coming round I was so glad, you haven't been over since last
year before term started!” Luna frowned slightly as Airakus who put his hands up in defense.
“Sorry Lune, here I am though! Is uncle Xene home?” Airakus asked, Luna shaking her head.
“No he's out getting groceries, won't be back for hours' ' Luna said as she turned and trotted
back into the house, Airakus entering, closing the door behind him as he took of f his shoes,
Draco standing beside him, staring at him.
“I for got you and Luna were cousins? She told me a few days ago when I asked if you could
come visit” Draco mumbled to Airakus who laughed softly .
“I don’ t talk about my family much,” Airakus sighed as he stood, his shoes of f as he and
Draco stood in the doorway silently .
“Boys! T ea!” Luna called from the lounge, Airakus looking from the lounge back to Draco
before taking of f after Luna.  
“Coming!” Airakus called, Draco walking behind him with a sigh.
They drank tea and played exploding snaps, Airakus winning as per usual.“Fancy watching a film?” Luna asked, Airakus nodding.  
“Dead Poets then?” Airakus of fered up Luna grinning, that was one of her favourite movies,
as was Airakus’ s.
“What's that?” Draco asked, the both of them froze.
“You've never watched The Dead Poets Society?” Airakus looked at Draco bewildered as he
shook his head.
“Goddamn purebloods” Luna sighed as she plucked the dvd out of the pile in the corner of
the lounge, plopping it into the small telly in the room.
“Hey , I'm a pureblood,” Airakus scof fed. 
“So am I. I meant the prissy ones.” Luna sighed as Airakus laughed, Draco looking between
the two in pure humour driven shock.
They watched a few films and before Airakus knew it was nearly 2pm, the W easleys were
surely going to be back soon and he feared of getting caught coming back from his little
adventure.
“I think I better get going, The W easleys will get back and I'd rather not have Hermione
telling everyone where I am…” Airakus half sighed and half chuckled as he walked towards
the front door , pulling on his shoes as Draco and Luna stood.
“Does Hermione know Draco’ s here?” Luna asked in her usual dreamy voice that made
Airakus feel funky .
“No, she just knows I'm here and if she tells Ron and everyone they might come get me,
which wouldn't end…well,” Airakus mumbled, locking eyes with Draco who was gazing at
him.
It made Airakus feel odd again.  
He didn't like it.
“Want me to walk you halfway?” Draco asked, making Airakus pause in his tracks, his hand
on the doorknob having already hugged Luna goodbye.
“Sure” Airakus stumbled over the mat as he opened the door , Draco pulling on his shoes as
he followed Airakus out, calling back to Luna saying he'd be back in a few minutes.
They walked in silence for a few minutes before Airakus started laughing.
“What?” Draco asked, a bit of laughter coming through his own words.
“What's so funny?” Draco pushed Airakus a bit, making the taller boy laugh even harder .
“Just this, you invited me over for tea and then sat silently while me and Luna chatted about
our family shit,” Airakus sighed.“I'm sorry Blondie” Airakus said, pausing.  
The memories of Draco telling him, in that voice, that look, not to call him that came
flooding back and panic set.  
He had ruined it again.
But Draco just smiled softly , his eyes still on Airakus as the two walked.
“No it was nice, I love Luna, she's like my sister , and she doesn't have many friends. The
other kids at school are nasty to her , and I'm just glad she has someone that's actually family
to her , not just me you know?” Draco sighed, Airakus scof fing.
“You are actually family to her Draco, don't doubt that” He said, Draco smiling slightly .
“So, write to me then? And maybe when we go to the world cup we can see each other
again?” Airakus began, Draco nodding as he put out his hand, his fist closed.
“Do you want a fistbump or do you have something for me?” Airakus asked, confused as
Draco stood there staring at the ground, fist tightly around whatever object was in his hand.
“I have something for you idiot.” Draco sneered before he handed the small round thing to
Airakus, the other boy taking it and inspecting it intricately .
“What is it?” Airakus asked.  
It looked to be some sort of compass, but it had initials on the dial and right now it was
pointing towards the W easleys house.
“It's a locator compass, me and Luna both have one. Y ou spell people's names onto the dial
and if you turn it to that name it points to where they are, rather useful” Draco spoke in sort
of rushed mumbles, as if he was embarrassed.
Airakus read the initials.  
H.G- Hermione Granger . 
H.P- Harry Potter  
R.W- Ron W easley  
S.F- Seamus Finnagain  
L.L- Luna Lovegood  
There wasn't one for Draco?
“Where's your name?” Airakus asked, lifting his head to see Draco looking at him again.  
It made him get that odd feeling, the one he didn't like.
“I..I didn't put it on? Why would you want to know where I am?” Draco scof fed, actually
looking confused.
“Because we’re frie…..” Airakus stopped himself.  
They weren't friends.  
It had been said.  
It was important to remember . 
They were not friends.“Because I just do?” Airakus sighed in defeat, Draco's eyes going wider than Airakus thought
possible before he smirked, that Draco Malfoy smirk.
“I'll put it on, hand it over!” Draco muttered a spell as his initials appeared in between Rons
and Lunas.
“Am I on yours then?” Airakus asked, his eyebrow up in suggestion, back to teasing.
“Well, yea” Draco mumbled, looking down.
“I'll see you at the world cup, write me!” Airakus spoke with a grin as Draco mumbled in
agreement back before the boy turned, rushing of f back to the Lovegoods.
Airakus stood for a few minutes staring after Draco who continued to look back at least 5
times before Airakus finally began walking back to Ron’ s, a stupid smile on his face.
When he arrived at the burrow , instead of finding Hermione as he expected, he found the
entire family back from their shopping trip.
“And where have you been?” Ron asked as Airakus came in the front door , the entire family
seemingly in an ar gument, Percy nowhere to be seen.
“At Lunas…Where's Percy?” Airakus began, but Harry gave him a look, the look implying
for him to shut up now .
“He's of f at Olivers again, because he's decided to run of f from his family and his
responsibilities at work!” Molly rambled as Airakus took of f his shoes, following Harry and
Ron upstairs, Hermione staying behind to try and help Ginny calm Molly down.
“What's happened?” Airakus asked as Ron closed his bedroom door slowly , Harry looking
nervous.
“Percy , he….well, he and Mum got into an ar gument. She's been saying he's spending too
much time round W oods ever since they graduated and then he said he was going to the
world cup with him and Mum sort of lost it on him, he left” Ron explained, Airakus sitting
with a sigh as he laid on his mattress exhausted.
“Why does it matter so much?” Harry asked, Ron merely shaking his head as he pulled a few
marbles from his pocket.
“Snaps?” He of fered, Harry and Airakus both smiling.
Chapter End Notes
Percy ....might be a bit sus.....Oliver and Percy .....CA TCH MY FLOW?!  
Also, Luna and Airakus are cousins yes.  I was still getting the main plot and relationships between characters down for the first
15 ish chapters so the reminder that Luna who isnt even mentions till the fith movie
(which is stupid) didnt cross my mind until I had an ur ge to make her and Draco best
friends.The Quidditch World Cup
Chapter Summary
World cup, a brilliant talk with Malfoy followed by a nasty encounter with Malfoy . 
Contiridction.  
Sirius Black.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Before Airakus knew it, it was the morning of the Quidditch world cup.
“Get up Ron! Molly says breakfast is ready!” Hermione screamed as she hit Ron with the
pillow she had taken from Airakus’ s bed.  
Ron groaned as he rolled out of bed and onto the floor , waking up from the fall.
“We are all taking the port key with the Diggorys, Bill, Charlie and Remus will apparate in a
few days before the match since they have work to finish” Arthur explained as he tied his
shoes.  
The man was dressed in a strange combination of muggle clothes, as were the rest of the
Weasleys. Hermione, Harry and Airakus were dressed like normal muggles, given they
weren't thick pureblood wizards, well Airakus wasnt thick, even if he was a pureblood.
The long walk through town that early morning was exhausting for the W easley boys who
hadn't planned on doing much physical activity during their trip. Airakus was hopping about,
climbing trees and collecting acorns with the over excited Arthur who was behaving like a
sugar high toddler .
They were apparently going to use muggle money and have to pretend to be muggles at the
camping ground, to keep the world cup low profile so that muggles didn't just wander upon
thousands of wizards. Arthur was telling Airakus and Harry all about it, giddy with
excitement for something Harry was assuming would end up being quite boring.
“Well this'll be fun, no magic the entire time we were outside of the tent?” Harry mumbled to
Airakus after Mr .Weasley had rushed ahead to tell Ginny and Hermione about his fancy
muggle clothes (A quilt and an ill fitting blazer). “It'll actually be way better than you expect
mate, thousands of sheltered pureblood wizards pretending to be muggles for a week, with
ministry of ficers patrolling to maintain the magic to a minimum. It's going to be the funniest
shit ever” Airakus whispered with a laugh, Harry hadn't really thought of it like that.
After walking for a bit longer they arrived at their meeting spot, an old willow tree just
outside of Old Sainte Chapole where they were supposed to be meeting the Diggorys and the
Lovegoods.  Amos Diggory was standing at the base of the tree, he took Arthur's hand and shook it firmly ,
“Almost late you lot were '' Amos chuckled, he resembled Saint Nicholas in a way that made
Airakus slightly uncomfortable.
“Sorry Amos, some of us had a bit of a sleepy start," Arthur replied, glancing at Ron, Harry
and Airakus whom Hermione had to drag out of the house. Airakus was prepared to begin
walking again after Amos explained that the Lovegoods weren't going when suddenly a
person fell from the tree. W ell, less fell and more hopped out of the tree and landed perfectly .
Airakus recognized him immediately as Cedric Diggory , he was the seeker on the Huf flepuf f
Quidditch team, Airakus had talked to him a few times before during and after matches,
along with at dinner with the twins given he was in Fred and Geor ge's year .
Hermione and Ginny were giggling about something, clearly over Cedric, while Harry and
Ron were none to wiser , stupid unaware wizards. Not long after the brigade of gingers had
began walking again, uphill towards what Airakus could only describe as a smelly old boot.
Portkeys, god he hated them.
Airakus had travelled by Portkey a few times before when visiting Andromeda given her
fireplace liked to send people attempting to floo into the house to chimneys across england. It
was a horrible experience, far worse than apparition which Airakus found horrid in itself.
“HARR Y!” Airakus shouted just as they were about to teleport using the port key , Harry’ s
hand wasn't on the boot, the idiot. The brown haired boy threw his hand onto the boot just as
they were taking of f, he was lucky he wasn't divided into a million pieces or exploded from
the uneven magic coursing through his body!
Everyone fell to the ground as a landing, all except Amos, Cedric, Arthur and Airakus having
all travelled by Portkey before. “Bet that cleared your sinuses eh?” Arthur chuckled as he
landed on his feet unharmed.
Harry and Hermione helped Arthur with the muggle money at the entrance before they parted
ways with the Diggorys and made their way to their family tent. Inside there were bunk beds,
a kitchen, a living room and a small bathroom all inside the (from the outside looking) tiny
tent. “I love magic!” Harry chuckled when he entered before Airakus, “Same mate, same!”
Airakus agreed with a laugh before the two made their way to a bunk bed. After that they ate
some lunch, Arthur sending Ron, Harry and Airakus to go get some buckets of water from
the water pump.
The three boys walked by at least a few hundred small beige tents, they could hear Ministry
wizards hissing at campers to put their wands away and such, there was even a house elves
running about in panic screeching “Im worse than a wand, IM WORSE THAN A W AND!”
which caused the boys to laugh.
Harry , Airakus and Ron were laughing every time they saw a blatant sign of magic being
poorly hidden. A few witches and wizards hovering above the ground, their clear third eyes
and magically enhanced abilities shining through their boring muggle clothes. There was a
pair of goblins walking around in wigs and prosthetic noses, which caused Harry to buckle
over laughing. “Told you so, better than you thought it would be eh?” Airakus nudged Harrywhile they were filling up the water . “Yea this is top tier one of the funniest things I've ever
experienced!” Harry chuckled out as he took a sip from his water bottle that he had just filled.
“You know , later on today or maybe tomorrow we ought to go find Dean and Seamus,
Seamus said that they were coming together .” Airakus mentioned as they walked past a green
and white tent, decked out in Irish decorations to support their team (Ireland vs Bulgaria).
“Oh, they are? Dean said that his mum was still thinking about it when I wrote to him in
July...'' Ron questioned as he looked at Airakus confused. “Yea, Seamus stayed with me two
weeks ago, he was going to Deans a few days after he left W ales and he said that they were
coming” Airakus shrugged. “Dean said they were here when I owled him last night” Harry
reassures Ron who now looked pleased. “Well great then, we ought to tell Hermione and
Ginny , we can all go in the morning." Ron decided as they entered the tent.
That night the W easleys all ate dinner and went to bed early . Getting up before the sun wasn't
a normal circumstance during their summer vacations yet here they were. The next day was
Thursday , the world cup was on Saturday night and the entire camp was buzzing with magic
and excitement. There had been at least 5 explosions and firework displays since Airakus had
woken up around noon, the top of a tent blowing of f as Airakus and Harry passed it on their
way to the water pump that morning.
The boys decided to find their friends that afternoon so they all began walking aimlessly
around. “How on earth are we going to find two teenage wizards out of the thousands of
witches and wizards here? They might not even be in this part of the camp site.” Hermione
argued as she marched in front of Ron, Harry , Ginny , Airakus leading the pack.
“Yes they are and we will find them, I can smell Seamus." Airakus responded nonchalantly as
he continued to walk in what his friends had assumed was a random direction. “You can…
smell him?” Ginny asked with a chuckle, Airakus pausing, right she didn't know . After a few
more minutes of walking Airakus stopped outside of a tent decorated in shamrocks and moss,
this was Seamus and Dean alright. It reeked of Pepper Imps and Deans cologne, definitely
them!
“Here!” Airakus grinned excitedly as he knocked on the outside of the tent, a young black
girl sticking her head outside quickly . “May I help you?” She squeaked when she saw the
very tall Airakus. “Oh, yea are Dean and Seamus here? Im Airakus.” Airakus said sweetly as
he smiled at the girl who seemed to be becoming more horrified of the tall boy more and
more every second.
“DEAN, SEA! AIRAKUS IS HERE!” She shouted at her brother before she ducked back
into the tent, out of the way of a running Seamus who tackled Airakus into a hug. “Hello to
you Finnigan!” Airakus joked after Seamus had let go and side hugged Harry and Ron. Dean
was giving Airakus an odd look before he gave the boy a hug and a smile.
“Airy! How was your summer? Seamus already told me every detail about your visit so leave
that part out!” Dean said as he invited his friends into his family's excessively lar ge tent.
Airakus looked at Seamus horrified, he knew that Seamus hadn't told him but that sentence
‘he told me everything’ scared the bollocks of f of the young W erewolf.Airakus raised his eyebrows in question towards Seamus who laughed, “Obviously not those
parts tosser , the part about the toast and the cornish pixies! Y ou know , the parts I'm legally
allowed to tell him!” Seamus winked at Airkus who flipped him the bird under the table they
had taken seats at. Everyone looked at the two utterly confused.
“Huh?” Dean, Harry and Ron all asked at the same time, Hermione rolling her eyes.  
“Nevermind, anyways, summer was good Dean how about you?” Airakus asked, changing to
subject quickly .
“Pretty boring, well until Seamus got here now it's fun again!” Dean chuckled as he poured
tea for everyone.  
Seamus tried to hide it, but he went a deep shade of red.  
Airakus knew that he only noticed because Seamus had told him about his feelings, but he
still snickered to Seamus who shoved him annoyed in response, a smirk on both boys faces.
“So who's all here then?” Harry asked, and Seamus laughed.  
“Well Dean's Aunt took them all, his younger sister , older sister , me and my mum," Seamus
explained, Airakus grinning widely . 
“Your moms here?” He asked cheekily , Seamus smacking him on the back of the head.  
“She's my dream woman, Sea!” Airakus whinged in ar gument, the entire group laughing as
Seamus groaned, stuf fing his face into a pillow .
The kids went on and talked for hours, the W easleys, Harry , Hermione and Airakus not
leaving until it was time for dinner . 
They agreed to meet up the next day as well and go for a walk about the campsite around 2,
Harry was overly excited to witness the poorly hidden magic again and Airakus was just glad
he was there. Remus would be coming tomorrow night, with Bill, Percy and Charlie, then
Saturday was the pre game party and then the match itself, which would surely be interesting.
Airakus and the W easleys would be in the Minister's box, given Arthur and Percy were both
now Ministry employees. Airakus begged that nothing would go wrong, as these lar ge events
and holidays tended to go. He remembered Halloween, the full moon when Sirius broke into
the castle.  
The first Hogsmeade weekend when Harry found out a lot of things that were not particularly
true, the excitement of the Marauders map and teasing Draco had all vanished.
Christmas when the moon was awful so Airakus couldn't return to the W easleys. Easter
which had been blown over and Remus and Airakus had spent the holiday at Hogwarts. His
past birthday where his friends got his sweets, followed by the worst moon he'd ever had.
‘Events’ went Airakus’ s strong suit. That much was clear .
The next morning was eventful (not my guys strong suit). Airakus woke up too early and
decided to go get some water for the day without Ron and Harry , to let them sleep. He was
walking to the pump when he ran into a girl that he faintly recognized?
“Oh hey Hannah!” Airakus nodded to the girl he now recognized as one of Hermione's
library friends, Hannah Abbot, a Huf flpuf f in their year . Hannah blushed slightly and smiled
at Airakus.  
“Hey Airakus! I didn't know you were coming?” She smiled as if they had been best friendsand had even spoken outside of ‘do you have an extra quill’ and ‘whats the answer to number
7’.
Airakus shrugged, “came here with the W easleys, Granger and Potter . Dean and Seamus are
here somewhere as well!” Airakus said as he began filling the W easleys jugs with water . 
“Lucky you found them first! I saw Malfoy slithering around with Crabbe earlier and I
ducked behind a bush and hid there for 20 minutes!” Hannah laughed sheepishly as Airakus
chuckled awkwardly .
He had nearly for gotten, in between the commotion of the past day he hadn't been thinking
about the night before the Quidditch W orld Cup where Airakus and Draco had planned to
meet in the woods.  
It was a simple plan, they would sneak of f an hour or so before the doors to the stadium
opened, spend a while messing about and chatting, nothing out of the ordinary . The strange
part had been that it was Draco's idea.
“Malfoys here? W ell that's just great!” Airakus scof fed sarcastically as he began carrying the
jugs away from Hannah, the girl began following him, eventually taking a jug as she rambled
on about how she's scared of the Slytherins and how once, in second year , Pansy Parkinson
and Millicent Bulstrode hung her by her robes from the chandelier in the charms classroom.
Airakus laughed, out loud. He thought that this was the funniest thing he'd heard in days and
that the sight of Hannah Abbot hanging of f the ceiling while Pansy and Millicent laughed
would be a sight to see indeed. Airakus was just outside of the tent now . 
“Well, this is my tent so, thanks Hannah!?” Airakus furrowed his brows, still not completely
sure if Hannah was really the girls name.
“No problem, we'll have to hang out some time when we're back in school, your funny
Airakus! See you at the match?” Hannah asked, Airakus nodding. She put down the jug of
water and rushed back towards the water pump, given she hasn't gotten any water for herself.
“Why in Merlin were you just talking to Hannah Abbot?” Harry asked as he emer ged from
the tent. Airakus sighed in defeat with a shrug. “I dunno mate, she popped up when I was
filling the water and wouldn't bugger of f!”. Harry laughed as he helped Airakus with the
water jugs. “To be brutally honest Airakus, she probably fancies you.” Hermione sighed as
the Gryfindors were walking through the campsite, Dean, Seamus and Ginny now with them.
“What? Why?” Airakus asked, confused, he didn't like that girl one bit, she was annoying to
be honest and he didn't see why a random Huf flpuf f who he'd never even spoken to would
fancy him.
“You're a nice looking bloke, and it's Hannah Abbot, she's fancied half the year .” Ginny
explained with a sigh deeper than the pits of hell. Harry , Airakus and Seamus all grinned.
“Since when was I a nice looking bloke Gin?” Airakus teased her as he bumped into her side.  
“Harry , you're free!” Seamus said happily as he swept Harry into his arms bridal style and
spun him about.  
“Cut it out you pricks, she didn't mean it like that. Obviously Airakus is nice looking.”
Hermione rolled her eyes but everyone saw the light shade of pink creep onto her face.Ron had crossed his arms, staring at Airakus jealously . “Alright, who here thinks Airakus is
attractive in any way shape or form?” Ron asked as he stopped walking to take in this
information.  
Everyone raised their hand other than Ron and Airakus himself.
“Wha…HUH?” Airakus screeched as Ron replicated his look of confusion and slight fear . 
“What, you are!” Harry shrugged. “We are literally related!” Airakus shrieked in horror as he
stood still, ignoring the fact that everyone else had already begun walking.  
“Not actually , besides it's not like I just pinned you against the wall and snogged you mate!”
Harry laughed which made Ron break down laughing which led to everyone laughing
maniacally , other than Airakus who was standing in horror .
After the traumatic events of the day were over with, everyone bid farewell to Dean and
Seamus as they returned to their tent.  
It was around 6 o’clock when that familiar popping sound of someone apparating outside
rang through Airakus’ s ears, it was louder than it should have been, as most sounds were with
his enhanced hearing.
“Remus!” Airakus exclaimed as he rushed outside and hugged the man.  
“Hello! How's it been? Missing me dearly are we?” Remus joked, helping Bill with his bag
as the three eldest W easley boys and Remus enter the tent.  
The rest of the night was spent in conversation with the entire family , all at the table and in
the lounge.  
Airakus was sitting on the arm of the armchair where Geor ge was sitting.  
Fred on the other arm was laughing as Charlie re-enacted an encounter he had with a baby
dragon, using Ginny as his prop, the girl not looking very impressed by her brother .
Airakus went to bed that night with a smile on his face. The match was tomorrow and if it
was anything like today , it would be an event worth remembering!
 
{“Happy birthday dear Airakus, Happy Birthday to you!” A woman sang softly as Airakus
blew out the candles on his cake, it was dark in the kitchen of Alastor Moody's house. The
sun setting outside as Airakus laughed at a joke Remus had made about the boy . Laughing,
singing, cake, party , family , horror , pain. Airakus opened his eyes to see him. Fenrir
Greyback standing in the doorway . Blood, blood, blood. Someone screaming, screaming his
name.}
Airakus woke up and immediately knew something was wrong, not only had he just had one
of the worst nightmares he'd ever had but he could feel the dark magic in the air . He was
sweating though his shirt, but the dim sunlight followed by the groan of Harry turning over
on his bunk snapped Airakus back into reality . Airakus got up and got dressed, dark brown,
baggy pants and a beige t-shirt with Sirius’ s old leather jacket.
He was ready for the day and the match, but first, he needed an excuse to go find Malfoy .
He walked out of his, Ron's and Harry's small room to find the entire entourage of people all
getting ready .Airakus groaned internally , how was he supposed to find a way out if he had eleven people
blocking his way?
“Where are you going?" Fred asked as Airakus opened the tent door . 
He had slithered through the people and avoided the hell out of Remus who was trying to
grab his shoulder . 
Yet of course, Fred had caught him, which had brought the attention of everyone in the tent to
Airakus.
“Got to go see Hannah before the match, promised her yesterday to get her of f my back.”
Airakus lied, knowing that it would backfire later , but he didn't really care, he was antsy and
he wanted to go see Draco.
“Alright, just meet us at the party , and don't go to far!” Remus called after Airakus as he
ducked out of the tent and rushed towards the edge of the campground.
Airakus wandered for a bit.  
The woods were nice, and they reminded him of W ales, only they weren't magical, or fun,
they were rather dull in all honesty . 
There wasn't anyone else out there, which was good, and as Airakus started worrying that he
was lost, he suddenly turned around to be face to face with Malfoy .
“Draco!” Airakus jumped, grinning, the other boy slightly smiling as well.  
He was wearing a black suit, and his hair looked rather good, he had gotten it cut since the
last time Airakus had seen him, but it looked good.
“Hi!” Draco nodded in response, the two standing a mere foot away from each other , unsure
of what to do.
The thought to hug him crossed Airakus’ s mind, then the thought to do some other things
which he angrily shrugged out of his mind given if hugging him was bad, that would get him
killed.  
They both stood there silently before Draco spoke.
“I like your jacket, the patches are cool, other than the Gryfindor one of course you twat."
Draco scof fed sarcastically as he poked the Gryf findor patch sewn into the old leather jacket,
a cheeky snarl on his face.
Airakus's grin widened as he jokingly shoved Dracos shoulder .
“I like your suit, very formal? Are you going to a wedding after the games over or
something?” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes.
“No it's nice, or well, it thought it was..” he began, looking down at his suit and straightening
the sleeves, his face covered in sudden worry .
“No, it is! It's nice, you look be ... .g…great! Y ou look great Draco” Airakus decided, given
his other options were far too friendly .They stood there for a moment, before Airakus noticed that Draco was staring at him, a
blank, odd look on his face.
“Mate what's wrong?” Airakus asked as he placed his hand on Draco’ s shoulder , the other
boy snapping his gaze to Airakus’ s eyes which were covered in concern.
Draco just stared at him quietly . 
They were basically the same height, only Airakus had a few inches on him as per usual.  
Draco just stared, and it kept making Airakus get that odd feeling in his stomach, in the very
bottom that felt like it was growing as he looked back at Malfoy . 
Until the boy snapped out of it.
“Sorry just.....thinking, '' Draco replied as he shrugged Airakus’ s hand of f before sighing
loudly .
“Bout what?” Airakus half scof fed and half chuckled as he followed Draco who had begun
walking deeper into the woods.
“Just stuf f, with my parents, it's unimportant” Draco waved his hand around, something
Airakus noticed he did a lot.  
Hand gestures.  
The boy's hands were long and lanky , like he was, and it made those gestures oddly
satisfying.
“It can't be that unimportant if you're thinking about it so much, you can tell me” Airakus
reached out, grabbing Dracos shoulder and turning him around.
Draco stared at Airakus's hand, then back to Airakus before shaking him of f again as he
continued to walk, Airakus following him once more.
“No really , it's rather unimportant, just my parents ar guing, I wouldn't bother you with it.”
Draco shook his head, Airakus sighing as he rushed after him.
“You don't have to tell me alright, just know that you can if you need to ok? Y ou can always
come stay with me and Remus, if you can't stay at Luna's....” Airakus began, thinking aloud,
stopping in Draco's way , the boys meeting eyes.
That information had been relayed in their summer letters, that when Dracos parents ar gued,
or when Lucius had guests at the manor , he would rush of f to the Lovegoods, but that
sometimes when his parents were visiting family out west and Dracos left alone in the manor .
It made Airakus nervous.  
From personal experience, Airakus would agree that ar guing adults in the house wasn't the
best situation.  
There were many times that Moody or Nymphadora would come round to snap Remus out of
one of his binge’ s, when Airakus was younger and he still drank a lot, ar guing, yelling, and
one time a rather nasty fight between Remus and Andromedea had left the man with a slap
across the face.So it made Airakus nervous.  
Knowing Draco, and knowing Lucius and Narcissa.  
It was most likely always a rather nasty fight at Malfoy manor .
Draco scof fed as he looked away from Airakus.
“Yea, I doubt Lupin would be pleased with me showing up in the middle of the night, or
Potter , or Finnigan, or any of your little friends.” Draco sighed, avoiding eye contact.
“To hell with my friends, and Remus wouldn't care honestly Draco if you need to...” Airakus
began eagerly , worried, the nerves clear in his voice.  
Draco sighed as he looked back at Airakus.
“Alright Rosier , I'll stop by if father gets too angry ." Draco replied in defeat, Airakus trying
to hold back a laugh.
“What? What's so funny?” Draco asked, laughing nervously as Airakus broke out in laughter . 
“Just that you ironically call Lucius 'father' is all. I suppose if my dad were still alive he
might make me call him that, but well, is it a pureblood thing or are you just a tosser?”
Airakus teased, Draco shoving him playfully .
 
Airakus ran back to the tent to meet the others for the match.  
He and Draco had joked around for longer than they had meant to and Airakus was
technically 5 minutes late to meet them all.  
When he arrived he only saw Seamus standing tapping his foot.
“You're late,” Seamus sighed, hugging Airakus as the two more often now .
“I'm aware, where's everyone else?” Airakus asked, looking around as he and Seamus
separated.
“Left for the match, we’ll catch them if we hurry ,” Seamus added as he glanced at the treeline
oddly , Airakus grabbing his wrist and tugging him along as the two rushed of f towards the
large stadium.
They were climbing the stairs, they could hear Fred and Geor ge teasing Ginny as they
marched upwards.  
The W easleys and all their friends were in the minister's box, by personal invitation of
Cornelius Fudge.  
So was Draco, and Airakus was begging that he wouldn't cause a scene.  
Because even though Draco was alright around Airakus, he was a dif ferent person the minute
he saw Harry , or Ron, or Hermione, or any of Airakus’ s mates.
“Potter! W ait for us!” Seamsu yelled up the stairs at Harry who had suddenly stopped.  
When they landed on the platform in between the stairs Airakus saw why Harry had stopped.Draco was stood with his father , looking up at the W easleys, a sneer on Lucius's face, Draco
staring at his feet.
“Do enjoy yourself, while you can '' Lucius was seething as Draco saw Airakus, staring at
him wide eyed as he nodded his head to the stairs, telling him to ‘go’ using his eyes.
Airakus grabbed Seamus and tugged him up the stairs before he could run his mouth,
dragging the Irish boy upstairs quickly .
They arrived in the minister's box and began chatting, Airakus sitting between Harry and
Ron, before they heard the door close, a familiar voice catching Airakus’ s ear.
Now , Werewolf hearing aside, Airakus didn't mean to eavesdrop, but he was glad he heard
what Lucius had said, because it explained what Draco did next.
“This is just about the most amazing thing I've ever witnessed!” A voice seethed from behind
Airakus and Harry . 
“Malfoy!” Harry greeted through gritted teeth.
“Oi, lanky aren't ya? Y ou grew a lot, Rosier!” Draco added with a smirk, his eyes narrowing
at Harry . 
Airakus chuckled, Harry rolling his eyes. “Something funny dark creature Jr?” Draco
snapped at Airakus who turned his head quick enough to get whiplash, the rest of the
Weasleys that were sat close enough to hear turning as well.
That was out of pocket.  
Then again Lucius had told him to poke at the beast.  
And Airakus was, technically , the beast.
Ah yes, not only did Snape disclose that Remus Lupin was indeed a W erewolf, but he also
decided to mention that Airakus Rosier was in Lupin's custody which led to a small hearing
that Remus has to attend to prove to the ministry that he was a fit parent.  
The Ministry was informed that Airakus had been placed in the care of Remus and Sirius
Black which made them even more hesitant, but after the ministry was reminded of why
Airakus was in their custody , they gave in and Airakus was left to him as he should be.
The nature of Airakus’ s dad caused a lot of friends at the end of the year to stop talking to
him, clearly not real friends, but still.
There were apparently rumours going about that Airakus was a W erewolf again and that
Lupin's condition was something passable through genetics, even though they weren't related
nor was that how W erewolves worked.
They all knew this, every last Hogwarts student about the age of thirteen had a class on
Werewolves before, but every Slytherin Airakus had run into during the summer had felt the
need to say something about it.
"Shut the fuck up." AIrkaus replied in a scof f. 
"Or what?" Draco snarled back.  "Or I'll go get my werewolf to eat you alive?" Airakus snapped back, Remus glancing over ,
only to scof f and turn back to his conversation with Charlie.  
AIrkaus felt bad for snapping, but then again, Draco had hit a soft spot.  
But it was Lucius.  
It was Lucius.  
It wasn't Draco.  
Draco had changed.
Draco stood and turned away , glancing back at Airakus with a very nervous look before
sitting down in between his father and a ministry wizard.
“Go on, run along and cry to daddy .” Bill sneered under his breath as Airakus looked
forwards, ignoring Draco who was still staring at him apologetically .
Lucius had seen Airakus and pulled Draco in.
‘That monstrosity of a half breed blood traitor shouldn't be here, nor should his fairy of a
father . Do it Draco, go for the beast’
It wasn't Draco.  
Draco was dif ferent.
Draco had changed.  
Draco was his 'not' friend.  
The match began.
 
The game was brilliant, aside from the whole Malfoy thing. Harry and Hermione made
friends with Barty Crouch’ s house elf W inky, who was sitting behind them, which was sort of
awkward, given Barty Crouch was in a way one of Airakus's living relatives.
The kids were back in the tent now , Arthur , Remus and Charlie all of f somewhere, the kids
joking and laughing over the radio.
“I hate that blonde little shit!” Bill seethed the minute their dad left, collapsing onto the
couch, firewhiskey in hand.  
Everyone mumbled in agreement as Airakus stared at the floor . 
He hated Malfoy , that was for sure.  
But Draco wasn't Malfoy . 
Draco was Draco.  
And he was dif ferent.  
Airakus knew it.
“Who does he think he is talking to you like that?” Bill asked, looking to Airakus, given he
had never met Draco before he was actually surprised.
“It's Draco Malfoy , Lucius’ s son, what do you expect Bill?” Fred asked as he stood and began
hopping about, him, Geor ge and Ginny beginning some sort of dance as they sang the Irishanthem, happy with the bets they placed that had won.
“He's like a bird the way he rides the wind!” Ron slurred, everyone at least 3 butterbears in,
Bill having a few fire whiskeys in him along with Geor ge and Fred.
It had been at least 2 hours and the kids were jacked on sweets and butterbear , making fun of
Ron for his strange obsession with V ictor Krum.  
A few moments later Arthur and Charlie burst into the tent, screams could be heard from
outside as well as fireworks.
“Looks like the Irish have got their pride on!” Fred chuckled as they all stopped dancing to
speak to Arthur who looked worried.  
“It's not the Irish, we've got to go!” Arthur said to the kids as Remus appeared in the doorway
looking panicked!
“Dad, what's going on?” Ron asked as he stood closer to Hermione and Harry nervously . 
“It's the death eaters” Remus said dryly as he ran towards the beds, using a spell to pack
everything quickly and send all the stuf f back to the burrow .
“Bill, apparate the kids back now!” Charlie screeched from just outside the tent as he cast a
disarming spell.
 
Bill took Ginny and the twins hands, apparating back to the burrow while Hermione, Harry ,
Ron and Airakus were sent to go find the Portkey .
Airakus and Harry had dashed of f back towards the hill, Harry’ s scar was burning like crazy
as he ran around, following Airakus when suddenly the dark mark appeared in the sky above
the campsite.
Harry fell to the ground.  
Hermione stopped to help him up as he screamed from the pain.  
Airakus stood a few feet ahead of them with Ron, next to the Portkey .
Airakus saw Harry and ran from the boot back to Harry , he took the boy’ s arm and heaved
Harry to his feet, helping him as they ran to the Portkey , Harry had passed out so Airakus and
Ron were now supporting either side of him.
Hermione stumbled back up the hill to grab the boot, Ron and Airakus looking back towards
the campsite with wide eyes.
There they were, tall black hoods, silver masks covering their ugly faces.  
they were muttering chants, spells, the muggle family who owned the property , the ones who
Hermione and Harry had helped Arthur pay upon arrival, were strung up above them, floating
in the air .
“Ready?” Hermione called from behind them, her hands shaking as she held out the portkey .“No shit grab the damn thing!” Airakus shrieked as he saw the hoard of death eaters getting
closer and closer .
It was terrifying and as the four kids landed on top of the hill around 1 1 pm that night,
Airakus knew that all hell was about to break loose.
When Harry opened his eyes from the fall, he noticed that they were back on the hill, the
town of Old Saint Chapone dimly lit with street lights and the almost full moon bright in the
sky.
“What happened?!” Harry panicked as he grabbed at the hand on his shoulder , he looked at
the person before they cast a Lumos with their wand. It was Airakus. “It's me, it's just me,
your ok Harry , we got to the Portkey alright and Bill apparated everyone back, it's just
Charlie, Arthur and Remus left!” Airakus explained, and then he seemed to realise what his
words meant.
“Remus?" Aurays muttered to himself. "LLeuad?!” Airakus shrieked as he stood suddenly
and rushed back towards the Portkey , grabbing it as if it was going to work again. “Airakus,”
Hermione began as she put her hand on the boy's shoulder trying to get his attention. Airakus
didnt care he was muttering transportation spells at the old boot, tears swelling in his eyes.
“Airakus, he's probably back at the burrow , let's go alright?” Hermione tried again, but
Airakus didn't answer . “Airakus lets go!” Hermione snapped.
Airakus was silent the entire walk back, not allowing Harry or Hermione to walk too far
ahead, his usual light spirited grin vanished from his face.
A lot of them arrived back at the burrow around 2:25 am. Harry was shaken up, when they
walked in the door Ginny tackled Harry and Airakus into a massive hug, Bill and the twins
right behind her . 
They let go as Bill hugged Airakus and Molly hugged Harry , then they switched as Molly
cried.
“REMUS! HE'S BACK!” Bill yelled up the stairs after Hermione had explained what
happened to Molly .
Airakus sat up immediately when he saw Remus’ s head poke around the corner from the
stairs.
“Pup.” Remus muttered under his breath as he consumed Airakus in the biggest hug he's ever
had. “Where were you?!” Remus demanded, “Arthur told us to go back to the Portkey but
Harry over here passed out!” Airakus chuckled, his grin reappearing almost instantly at the
sight of him.
Airakus was happy with what Remus had told him, they were heading home for the last day
of Airakus’ s summer vacation.  
He now had a few hours to get home, relax and think over everything that had happened
before he would be woken up by a panicked Remus getting ready to take him to the school
for the full moon tomorrow .He hadn't wanted to leave so soon after it had all happened. He wanted to know more about
that attack, more about the dark photograph of the dark mark hanging int he sky that covered
the front page of the daily prophet the next morning.  
Instead Airakus and Remus apparated back to W ales, the first thing Airakus saw when he
walked into the cottage through the back door was a big black dog sitting on the couch.
“SIRIUS!” Airakus screamed as he ran towards the dog, who quickly transformed into a
human to hug Airakus who suddenly couldn't have a care in the world about death eaters.
“When did you get back?” Airakus asked the man standing in front of him. “Afternoon after
you left for the W easleys!" Sirius shrugged as he smirked at Remus who sat down and put his
head in his hands.
“Remus, when are we leaving tomorrow? I wanna show Sirius my stuf f!” Airakus asked
Remus ur gently .
“Erm, tomorrow around noon, erm….Airakus, aren't you mad I didn't tell you?” Remus asked
through a chuckle as Airakus sat on the floor on the carpet across from Remus and Sirius
who were sat apart from one another on the couch.
“I knew you two had been writing, I get the mail from town, and he was writing Padfoot on
the back of the envelopes." Airakus rolled his eyes as he took a few peanuts from the bowl
Remus had set out.
"Oh, sorry Mooney!” Sirius laughed softly as he relaxed into the couch slightly .
Remus was watching Sirius while Airakus explained what he had done at the W easleys and
everything that had happened at the world cup.  
Sirius was concerned about Harry but was glad that they were all ok.  
“I'll get him to write to you once we're back at school, are you, are you going to stay here?”
Airakus asked hopefully .
Sirius turned to Remus seemingly for an answer . “Yes, yes he is” Remus replied as he pat
Sirius’ s knee gently before using it as support to stand up and walk into the kitchen and start
dinner .
“Siri, cmon I need to show you my room!” Airakus said quickly as he led Sirius up the stairs
and into his room.
“This is my room!” Airakus said as he tossed his trunk on his bed, opening it so that Sirius
could see some of his favourite things that were already packed inside.
Sirius sat in the hanging chair that was in the middle of the room, where Seamus’ s bed had
been put when he was visiting, as Remus put on his old T -Rex record.
“That's my old record player! And that's me and Moon’ s records!” Sirius laughed as he
inspected the record player carefully , a gleam in his eye and a wide smile on his face.“Yea, I've got loads of your old stuf f!” Airakus said as he began collecting a few things from
around his room that he knew belonged to Sirius and Remus.
“All of my clothes are either Remus’ s, yours or James’ s....” Airakus began.
“My stuf fed black bear used to be Remus’ s, all my books were once Mary or Remus’ s and all
the records are yours other than the ones Andy and Mary gave me!” He explained as he
handed Sirius a few records and books that he had gotten from Remus.
“Andy? Andromeda Black?” Sirius asked as he looked back up at Airakus, almost dropping
the things in his hands.
“Yea, she and Nymphadora kept in touch after me and Remus moved back here, but she er ,
she died a few years ago” Airakus explained as he threw a few of his other blankets and
clothes into his trunk.
Sirius was smiling, “I for got all about Andromeda! Her daughter is what now 20?” Sirius
asked.  
“Yea she turned 21 a few months ago” Airakus replied as he tossed Sirius an old t-shirt.
“What's this?” Sirius asked as he held the shirt in a ball in his hand confused. “Mary sent it to
me for christmas after she found out you had escaped, its dad’ s old David Bowie shirt, I've
got more than enough of his old stuf f, thought you'd like it back,” Airakus shrugged as he
closed his trunk, sketchbook in hand as he flipped to the front, prepared to show Sirius all his
drawings.
“Thanks Pup, It's funny , how you do that, call him dad and everything...” Sirius chuckled as
he pulled of f his plain black t-shirt and put on the new one.
Airakus hadn't even realized what he had said, so he shrugged with a small smile.
“Well, he did raise me.” Airakus laughed as he sat down on the floor beside Sirius.  
“I'm sorry for just kind of invading kid, I didn't mean to just show up and replant myself in
your lives like this.” Sirius sighed, and Airakus froze for a second.
He had accepted Sirius’ s return so much, as had Remus, that he hadn't realised how long
Sirius had been gone, how little he really knew this man.
“We've been alone for so long, me and Remus.” Airakus said slowly , and Sirius raised an
eyebrow slightly in question.
“He's got T onks and Mad eye, but Moody doesn't come round anymore, not after my tenth,
and T onks is your family , always reminded him of you a bit too much I think....” Airakus
nodded with a tight lipped glance out his window , Sirius nodding slowly . 
“He missed you, more than he can explain, more than I can explain.” Airakus explained to a
now intrigued Sirius Black.
“He would talk about you for hours, and then seemed to remember what had happened and he
would just shut down. When we found out Peter was still alive, he was excited to see you,told me himself SIrius” Airakus sighed and SIrius nodded again, now looking straight at the
younger man.
“I….I didn't know he talked about me, '' Sirius said slowly , as if it was shocking news. “He
talked about all of you, everyday , he taught me that you guys were my family , you, James,
Lily, Dorcas, Marline, Mary , Peter , everybody . I had been wishing for you to come back so
that he would be happy again, more so when I was little and he was still really bad,” Airakus
said, Sirius’ s eyes now tearing up.
“Wished for it until I was ten, then stopped celebrating my birthday , so I wished for it on your
star, got my friends to as well even though they had no clue what I was on about.” Airakus
chuckled and Sirius let the tear stuck in his eye roll down his cheek.
“I just, you've been together for 13 years, I don't want to ruin that...'' Sirius said slowly , as if
he was asking Airakus.  
Airakus chuckled, “Y ou're already making it better” Airakus nodded and they hugged again,
this time Airakus truly feeling like he was with his family .
After Airakus showed Sirius his drawings and his rock collection they decided to go down
and help Remus with dinner .
When they entered the kitchen there was mac and cheese on the stove top and Remus was
sitting reading in the lounge.
“Go on and eat, it's too close to the moon for me to cook you know that Airakus!” Remus
laughed when Airakus raised his eyebrow at the man.
“Wait, where's T onks?” Airakus asked slowly , looking around the kitchen as if to check if his
cousin was hiding.
“She's out with that boyfriend, Garion or whatever” Remus rolled his eyes.  
“Jealous there Remu?” Airakus barked out and Remus flipped him of f as he walked out of
the kitchen.  
“Wrong cousin,” he muttered, making Sirius blush bright red as he buried his head into his
mac and cheese to hide from Airakus.
Airakus and Sirius ate their dinner content, speaking about Airakus's life in great detail.
Sirius laughed as he told him about the story when he learned to swim with Remus, cried
when Airakus mentioned the horrible times in his life, after Sirius had left and Remus had
grown depressed, when he encountered a boggart and saw his wolf form standing in front of
him, not as subtle as Remus’ s boggart had been.
Sirius learned about Airakus’ s life, his drawings and his music taste, his favourite colour and
animal, his nicknames and his friendships.
“So, dating anybody yet puppers?” Sirius grinned, that Sirius Black grin that Airakus just in
the mere few months he'd spent with him overall had come to know so well.“No, nothing like that” Airakus shook his head, flustered.  
Remus never bothered Airakus about these kinds of things.  
He supposed Remus assumed Airakus would tell him if something ever happened with a girl.
“Fancy anyone then?” Sirius sighed as he played with his food, staring at Airakus pushing for
an answer . 
The gossipy bitch.
“No, the girls at school are, well, boring really . I guess Hermiones alright, and so is Luna but
we’re cousins so.....” Airakus shrugged, Sirius sighing heavily .
“No boys either?” Sirius raised an eyebrow as he sipped on his tea, Remus finally intervening
in the conversation.  
“Sirius, that's enough! If he fancies someone he shouldn't have to tell us about it!” Remus
interrupted, Airakus flustered as he ate his dinner , Sirius rolling his eyes with a smirk.
They finished eating and soon enough Airakus was sitting on the floor of the lounge with
Sirius and Remus on the couch, going through pictures that Sirius had in his boxes of stuf f
that Mary had put in the old shed for Remus. Airakus laughed as Sirius showed him pictures
of the three of them outside of the cottage during the summer , Sirius playing with baby
Airakus as a pregnant Lily sat with James, Remus, Peter , Mary , Dorcas and Marline.
He had for gotten through the stories that Sirius and Remus were only 20 when they had taken
Airakus in, that they were kids when Harry was born and when Lily got pregnant.
All the photos of them that Airakus had were of their later years in school of the ones in the
order , never of them freely having fun while Airakus was there.
The young W erewolf always associated Remus’ s happiness with his family , so Airakus and
Sirius.  
He also associated Remus’ s depression with him being alone after the death of James and
Lily Potter , but he had never realised that Remus had always been happy , ever since he had
Sirius and that Airakus being there gave Remus that little bit of love that he had lost!
Airakus showed Sirius polaroid photos from the past school, year and summer with Seamus
that he and Dean had taken, telling Sirius about how much he wanted a polaroid camera for
himself and all about the things he and Harry had gotten up to that year .
Airakus showed Sirius the photos of him, Remus and T onks on his birthday in October and
Christmas at the W easleys last year .
Sirius, Airakus and Remus were all sitting around the fireplace, the Beatles playing in the
background as Sirius and Remus were reminiscing of the times spent with the three of them
before James and Lily had died.
Airakus had one of the best days of his life and he would have completely for gotten about the
world cup, if it wasn't for the nightmares….Chapter End Notes
alright so, yes Draco now (as Airakus assumes) is aware that hes a W erewolf?
Somewhat I guess  
Wonder what hes gonna doooooooo.....  
Will he be evil? Or did I brush it over because I was too tired to write ar guments?  
Wait and seeeeee.  
ALSO FINNAL Y SIRIUS IS BACKKKKKK  
Low key this chapter all over the place SOOOOO.....bare with me.Not to you
Chapter Summary
Back at Hogwarts and the tension is BOILING.  
Draco and Airakus grow closer , though neither will admit their friendship.  
Airakus's secret is revealed to a certain Slytherin.  
Hannah gets drenched.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
{The death eaters march through the campsite, Remus, Harry , Hermione and the W easleys
dead. His father is within the Death Eaters as he calls out to Airakus, Fenrir Greyback there
as well… He's now strung up with the others, Harry and Ron reaching for him as he holds
back tears. Suddenly he feels a hand on his, he turns, its Draco, no….its Malfoy . 
‘Avada Kedavra’.......................}
Remus shook Airakus awake.
“Shhhhh, it's alright, you're here at your home, it's just a nightmare!” Remus whispered to
Airakus as he rubbed the boy's arms soothingly .
Airakus evened his breathing out as he regained his composure. “Is it time?” Airakus asked,
“yea, you slept in a bit” Remus told Airakus with a chuckle.  
Airakus hopped out of bed and changed out of his pyjamas into his clothes, green pants and a
brown jumper , throwing his pyjamas into the trunk and running downstairs to be greeted with
Sirius Black standing in the living room.
“But by the time you wake up, you've still gotta say bye and get your present!” Sirius said as
he took Airakus’ s trunk from him.
“Present?” Airakus asked, a smirk on his face as he sat on the armchair next to the fireplace,
Remus grabbing a few more books of f of the shelves to throw in Airakus’ s trunk for studying
(as if he was gonna study!).
“Yea, i've only missed what” Sirius began counting on his fingers, “13 birthdays, 13
christmas’ s and every other holiday in the past what, 13 years?” Sirius teased as he sat down.
Remus smiled wide as he stood behind Sirius who was on the sofa opposite Airakus. Remus
handed Sirius a box which Sirius then handed to Airakus, them both wearing smiles plastered
across their faces as they watched Airakus open the box slowly , semi horrified.
A dark yellow polaroid camera sat in the box.  
It looked brand new!“No way! Y ou didn't!?” Airakus asked, eyes wide as a grin split across his face.  
“Yes, yes I did” Sirius grinned back, Remus shaking his head stifling a laugh.
“It's odd to have money again isn't it Airy?” Remus sighed though his laughs.
“Again?” Airakus chuckled out as Remus laughed, Sirius’ s face growing oddly confused
before they had said their goodbyes and vanished into the fireplace.
That moon was pretty bad, after the nightmare and the aggressively happy memories clashing
with the horrible ones that all happened in the past few days were making Puppers
exceedingly violent that night and since Remus was back to having moons in W ales, now
with Sirius by his side, Airakus spent the first moon in the shrieking shack alone and he was
horrified.
He woke up in the hospital wing the next day at around 2 pm. Airakus looked around the
room and found Remus reading, the man closing his book as he smiled at his boy .
“How ya feeling Pup?” Remus asked as he rubbed Airakus’ s hair soothingly .
“Alright, my shoulder hurts pretty bad....” Airakus said as he felt another jolt of pain rush up
his arm into his shoulder . 
“Wouldn't have been surprised if you dislocated it again, last night was rough according to
Poppy and that scar!” Remus sighed as he looked Airakus up and down checking every inch
of his kid.  
“What scar?” Airakus asked as he reached for the mirror on the bedside table.
"Merlin!” Airakus said as he reached to his mouth where a new 3 lined scratch scar was deep
red from his nose to halfway down his neck.
“Bit later than when I got mine, but look, now we’re matching!” Remus exclaimed as he
brushed the deep scar that ran across his face, from above his eyebrow down to the opposite
corner of his mouth. Airakus grinned. “Look at us go” Airakus rolled his eyes, trying to hide
the tears that dared to break through his facade of joy . 
Remus was always heartbroken when Airakus was sad, or disappointed.  
Airakus loved seeing Remus happy to the point that he avoided crying, at all costs, it was
better this way .
“Besides, you can tell everyone you fought of f a Hippogrif f, really rub it in Malfoy's face
eh?” Remus said sarcastically as he stood.  
Airakus grinned.  
He would be doing that.
“Now I've got to head back to W ales, I don't want to leave Sirius alone for too long. He's still
a bit shaken from the world cup and all that....” Remus trailed of f. “But he wasn't there?”
Airakus reminded Remus, confused.
“You really think that he came back for me to leave him there for 3 days? I brought him with
me just used an invisibility spell, but when he saw the death eaters he transformed anddisappeared back to W ales....that's why I left the world cup so soon, I went back to the house
and made sure he was ok before going to get you from the W easleys.” Remus explained.
“So, since Sirius is home now , does that mean he's of f the hook?” Airakus asked hopefully ,
looking at Remus for any sign of an answer .
“No Airy , he's still wanted but don't worry , it'll all be fine again soon, besides, you've got
more exciting things to look forward to!” Remus said before he looked back down at
Airakus.
“What things?” Airakus asked confused, “Did Arthur not tell you guys? The T riwizard
Tournament is starting again this year!”.
Airakus sat in the great hall with the staf f. The other students would be arriving any minute
now so Airakus sat, watching as the carriages came in over the hills from Hogsmeade.
“Alright Airakus?” Hagrid asked as he walked into the great hall from outside, stopping to
talk to Airakus who was sitting alone at Gryf findor table, munching on a chocolate frog that
Dumbledore gave him earlier .
“Yea alright, new scar!” Airakus grinned as he pointed at the red raw new scar that was
scratched across Airakus’ s freckled skin.  
Hagrid smiled as well, leaning over so that he was closer to Airakus as he pointed at a scar on
his lip, it was faded and small but it was still visible.  
“Your dear old dad gave me that when I ran in do ‘im on a full moon! Sirius stopped ‘im
from killin me!” Hagrid chuckled as he watched Airakus’ s face light up with humour . 
“No way!” Airakus chuckled, “Y erp!” Hagrid huf fed out with a wink before he made his way
to the staf f table and sat with Minerva and Flitwick.
Airakus was chatting with Dumbledore about the tournament as Hagrid and Mcgonagall left
to go get the students. The older students began flooding into the great hall, Hermione, Ron,
Dean, Seamus and the W easleys lighting up when they saw Airakus running over to him.
“AIRAKUS!” Hermione exclaimed as she hugged her friend tightly , everyone had a similar
reaction to seeing him, Fred and Geor ge walking over and sitting a few people down from
Airakus.
The first years were sorted, a few new Gryfindors, Dumbledore stood preparing to give his
feast when the thunderous ceiling began to get louder , the younger kids breaking out into
screams. Airakus watched in slight fear as a shot of light came blasting from near the
professor's table, Airakus and the others all turning. "That must be him, the new Dart Arts
teacher!" Harry muttered. "Mad as a hatter he is!" Ron scof fed, Airakus watching as Alastor
Moody huf fed something to Albus, sitting in the empty chair with a creak.
Airakus' blood ran cold when he saw him, Alastor had known him his entire life, Alastor had
been there for years. Alastor had left after the attack. Maybe he’d got of f easy in class, last
year, given Remus was the teacher after all.  
Maybe he’d get of f easy again, given Moody was like his grandfather , if his grandfather had
killed his dad.After the feast was over , and the announcement of the tournament had been thoroughly
discussed, the lot of Gryfindors began walking back to the Gryfindor tower . Everyone was
eagerly waiting to pester to Airakus about his new scar , they had all given him similar looks
of shocked horror once they noticed it during dinner .
Airakus checked his pockets and realised that his wand was absent, so he turned to his
friends, said he'd be right back and rushed down the hall towards the great hall to grab it.
And he would have made it, if he hadn't been pulled into an empty classroom and shoved
against a desk by none other than Draco bloody Malfoy .
 
“Are you ok!?” Draco asked, mostly screaming as he held Airakus at shoulder length, eyes
crazily scanning him for any further injuries.  
Clearly he had seen the scar from across the great hall.  
Airakus had felt like someone had been watching him all dinner .
“I'm fine…” Airakus began as he looked at Draco, the realization dawning on him that he
couldn't hide this from him anymore.
He clearly already suspected that Airakus was also a W erewolf.  
Sure Lucius had been the one to push him into saying anything, but the rumors were
exhausting and given what Lucius had said to Draco in the minister's box, Airakus wouldn't
be surprised if Lucius, who was aware of his condition, hadn't told Draco.  
It's not that Airakus didn't trust Draco.  
It's that he didn't trust Malfoy .
“Airakus” Draco breathed out as he sat down in front of Airakus, his hands still on the other
boy's shoulders.
“I know you know what happened, Malfoy , might as well call me a monster now” Airakus
closed his eyes.
“Get it over with,” Airakus prepared himself.  
Prepared himself to get called the one thing he didn't want to hear , from the one person he
was most worried would say it.  
Hw knew what Lucius thought of him and Remus, and he knew that he had let Draco have it
over the summer . 
He was ready for Malfoy to scof f at him, curse him, and never utter a word to the beast that
Airakus was again.
He squeezed his eyes shut so he wouldn't see the disgust on Draco's face, nor the snarl he'd
send Airakus before leaving him in the dark room alone.
“Airakus, I won't do that, not to you, never to you!” Draco let his hand fall into Airakus’ s,
making the taller boy feel odd again.
Airakus stared at Draco, gobsmacked.  
He had already been surprised when all of his friends had accepted it as they had.  Seamus had laughed.  
Harry and Ron had planned a prank.  
Hermione had clung to him and cried.  
The twins had planned to use it for many pranks that Airakus agreed to immediately .
But Draco?  
Draco Malfoy was his mortal enemy , he despised him.  
Yet here he was, letting him hold his hand as he rambled about how sorry he was for what he
had said at the world cup.
“...and I just, you know how much my fathers opinion, you know how much I care, and I
didn't want him to get more mad than he already was, and I shouldn't have gone for that given
you didn't even trust me enough to tell me and…” Draco ranted, but Airakus stopped him as
he pulled him into a hug.
It was right.  
It made the odd feeling in Airakus’ s chest settle as he held Draco so close that he could
barely breathe.  
He felt better . 
Way, way better .
“This is…new?” Draco said quietly into Airakus’ s neck as the other boy squeezed before
letting Draco go.  
"You didn't mention it in the woods, before the match..." Airakus mumbled, Draco shaking
his head as they separated.  
"Didn't want to mention it, you didn't tell me." Draco replied.  
“You understand that you can't tell anybody . You are one of few who know . The W easleys,
Harry , Hermione and Seamus. That is it, and now you I suppose.” Airakus said, his eyes teary
a bit as Draco smiled at him.  
Smiled.  
Actually smiled.
“I promise, I promise I won't, I swear it on my favourite robes.” Draco put one hand on his
heart as he looked at Airakus seriously .
“Entitled prick” Airakus sighed as he fell backwards, sighing as he lay across the few desks.  
Draco laughed as well as he handed Airakus his wand.
“You twat! Y ou accio’d my wand!?” Airakus accused with a chuckle, Draco smirking as he
shrugged.  
“Needed to talk to you,” Draco grinned as Airakus shoved him, returning his wand to his
pocket.
 
Airakus entered the Gryfindor common room to see barely any students inside.  
Harry was sitting on the stairs, clearly waiting for Airakus given he stood when he saw the
taller boy walk inside.“Harry , you need to write Padfoot by the way .” Airakus remembered as Harry and him sat in
the dormitory waiting for their roommates to come back.
Harry’ s eyes widened, “you spoke to Sirius!” Harry exclaimed as he stared at Airakus in
shock.
“He lives with me, genius?” Airakus replied confused, he had assumed that everyone knew
what had happened other than him?
“He wants you to write to him about the nightmares and what happened to you at the world
cup, I told him what I could remember and about my nightmare but he needs to talk to you!”
Airakus said more seriously as Harry and him unpacked their trunks.
“I'll write to him tomorrow morning after breakfast,” Harry said in agreement as he tossed
Airakus a small bag. “What's this?” Airakus asked as he inspected the bag suspiciously .
“Chocolate frogs from the train” Harry chuckled out but before Airakus could thank him and
tease him the rest of their roommates burst into the room, Ron, Seamus, Dean and Neville.
The boys stayed up for a while, tossing Pepper Imps at each other and laughing as one
another's ears exploded with steam!
 
Harry woke up Airakus the next morning pretty early , “we've got to meet Hermione at
breakfast c'mon Airy ,”
Harry panicked as he quickly pulled on a black hooded sweatshirt and collected some books
and his wand. Airakus got dressed, baggy blue jeans and a dark red t-shirt, tossing his jacket
over his shoulder as he grabbed his wand and followed Harry and Neville into the common
room.
“Why are we up so early?” Airakus asked Harry as they entered the great hall to see barely
anyone other than their friends around the table.
“Because Seamus had the brilliant idea to go for a swim after lunch and is forcing us all to go
with him!” Ginny sighed as she scooted down the bench a little, making room for Harry ,
Airakus and Neville who she was now sat right next to.
“Fun, who's all going?” Airakus asked Seamus who gestures around the table. “Us, Hannah
Abbott, Susan Bones, Fred and Geor ge, Lee, a few others that Susan asked if she could
invite, I dunno,” Seamus listed cheerily . By ‘us’ Seamus meant Harry , Hermione, Ron,
Airakus, Dean, himself, Neville and Ginny .
“Why is Hannah coming?” Airakus groaned as he remembered the interaction he had with
that girl at the quidditch world cup. “Because she's in our year and heard me talking about it
this morning when I got up,” Seamus sighed, “she wanted to hangout with you anyways Airy
didn't she say that?” Dean teased as he tossed a roll at Airakus who caught it mid-said and
took a bite out of it, baring his teeth at Dean jokingly . 
The boys and Hermione ate breakfast and then rushed back to get their swim wear , which for
Airakus was just forest green shorts and a towel. He was wearing his shirt, given it was
September and he didn't feel like walking around the castle without a shirt on, his scars on
display for all to bloody mutter about.
Airakus made his way to the black lake with Harry , Ron and Dean. Seamus, having already
been in his swimsuit at breakfast and everyone else being excessively faster at getting
changed than the boys who had almost turned T revor (Neville's toad) into a water goblet by
accident after Harry said that Ron still couldn't do the spell!
The boys arrived at the lake for everyone to already be there, unlike Remus Airakus was less
ashamed of his scars given Remus had always taught him to be proud of them so he ran past
everyone and jumped right into the black lake, his bare chest covered in scars caused by
various things.
Airakus had scars all over him from the W olf, the lar gest ones on his arms and back.
He had one that crossed from his left shoulder to his right hip from Puppers that he'd had
since he was at least 8 and one from his ankle to his knee that had almost cut his leg
completely open.
The boy also had a few burn marks on his right arm from when he accidentally stumbled into
the fireplace as a child during hide and seek (he totally had not thought of hiding in the
fireplace and due to his extremely high pain tolerance not left the fire until he already had 3rd
degree burns)
Airakus also had a few marks from fumbling around in the woods and the beach, as most kids
his age did and more magical scars from jinxes and spells that Remus had cast and Airakus
had run in the way of when he was younger . Not even including the new violent gash across
the boy's face.
Hhe cannon balled and it splashed everyone around, the boy being the tallest in their year and
one of the tallest in the years above.
When the boy resurfaced Seamus jumped on top of him in retaliation and a full blown water
fight broke out! By the time Hermione and Neville had threatened to leave if they didnt stop,
the boys, and Ginny , were all exhausted, and any insecurity about his scar ridden skin had
disappeared.
As they swam around joking about, a few more kids came down.  
Lee, along with Theodore Knott and none other than Draco Malfoy .
If Airakus were not with his other friends he would be glad that Draco were there, he liked
being around him, especially after last nights interesting conversation.  
But he couldn't be whatever they were when Harry , Ron or Hermione were there, and Harry
was currently on his shoulders playing chicken with Dean and Seamus.Ginny and one of her friends went back to the castle as it was now near 4 pm and they
wanted to change before dinner while everyone else was sitting on the small beach near the
shore of the lake, splashing each other in the shallow water and building replicas of Hogwarts
in the sand.
Airakus left his spot on the beach to go walk around in the shallow end a bit, his usually
puffy curly hair , damp and curly as he went into the lake up to his ankles. He was walking a
bit away from the group, feeling around for rocks or lost items as he usually did in W ales,
although the beach back at home was more rocky and far more pleasant than the black lake's
mushy muddy sand. He was lost in thought, thinking about Remus and Sirius, about his
friends, about Draco and about the T ournament when he felt a light tap on his shoulder .
Airakus turned around, expecting to see Harry or Ron, come with a handful of mud to throw
at him as they had been doing a few minutes before. Instead he turned to see a blonde girl in a
bright yellow bathing suit with a pink towel over her shoulders.
“Oh, hey Hannah.” Airakus sighed confused for a moment as he looked at the girls bathing
suit, typical huf flepuf f, always with the yellow .
“Hi! I like you swim trunks, nice shade of green!” Hannah smiled awkwardly clearly trying
to comment on the boy who at first glance the only thing you would notice was his unruly
hair and scars, the fresh one stinging slightly from the cold water .
“Thanks, nice bathing suit, really erm....yellow!” Airakus replied dryly as he filled his mouth
with air making his cheeks puf fy. Hannah giggled at his goofy face before blushing.
“Huf flepuf f you know!” She squeaked as she stared at the new scar over Airakus’ s mouth.
“Sorry , when did that happen? I saw you a week ago and that……wasn't there?” Hannah
stuttered as she pointed dead at Airakus’ s face, her eyes wide with fear of what had caused
that horrible scar , jokes on Hannah, Airy had done it to himself!  
“Oh yea, Friday night...” Airakus shrugged, his voice airy as he tried to entertain himself
from the boring conversation by kicking sand and rocks around.
Hannah was still just blatantly staring at Airakus and it was slowly making him
uncomfortable, the water was also getting slightly wavy so the ankle high lake was now
slowly reaching the height of Airakus’ s knees with each wave that passed.
“What happened?” Hannah asked suddenly , AIrakus looked at her now slightly angry . “It's
really none of your business?” He snapped slightly at the blonde girl who was standing, still
staring at him openly .
“Well, I'd like to know!” Hannah demanded, now looking Airakus in the eyes, making him
very uncomfortable.  
Airakus realised that Hannah knew about Remus, and that Remus was Airakus’ s father , she
had guessed it, by the look in her eyes she was figuring it out as they spoke.
Airakus was slightly horrified knowing that the chatty Huf flepuf f would keep her mouth shut
if he showed any sign that he knew what she was implying, Airakus was stone faced but he
was beginning to crack.The look of knowing in her eyes, one Hermione had given him everyday for the past year ,
one that Draco had given him last night, the one Sirius had given him when the boy
complained the night before the moon that he was starved. It was a knowing look that made
Airakus feel naked, or maybe it was because he basically was other than his swim trunks.
Hannah went to open her mouth and speak, Airakus knew what was coming, when suddenly
she had a ball of water dropped onto her finally dry hair , seemingly appearing from nowhere.
“WHA T THE HELL MALFOY YOU ARSE!” Hannah shrieked dramatically as she pushed
past Draco, whose wand was at his side, and Theo Knott who were standing just on the beach
a few feet away . Hannah then rushed of f towards Hermione and Neville who were using
drying spells instead of towels like the wizards they were, whinging about being cold as
Neville turned to her with a frown, glancing towards Airakus then to Draco before shaking
his head.
Airakus looked to Draco, the two staring at one another before Airakus was tackled into the
water by Seamus.
Chapter End Notes
EVER YONE GO LISTEN T O T.rex, theyre so good and nobody apreciates them.  
Anwyays.  
They are so gay and I love it.  
I also for got to mention in the original tags that this is extreme slowburn, but you could
proanbly tell that by now . 
Also the next few chapters dont always make that much sense given theres like fourty
side plots going on at once, so bere with me mates.Champions
Chapter Summary
Champions of the world cup are chosen, and drama ensues.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The first bit of classes were boring, that was until T uesday afternoon when the fourth years
had their first DADA class with none other than professor Alastor Moody himself. Airakus
sat in the front, excited to see Alastor who he had visited not a few months ago towards the
end of the school year . He had tried to get his family friend’ s attention but the man was
rambling on about expectations which was weird, maybe Moody didn't see him.
“There are three unfor givable curses, they are named so why?” Alastor asked, making Harry
and Airakus visibly tense up. “Because they are unfor givable, the use of any one will land
you” Hermione began but was interrupted by Moody . “A one way ticket to Azkaban!”
Alastor asked the class the curses, Ron stuttered out imperio, Neville mentioned the cruciatus
curse which made Airakus go cold, followed by Moody going right up to Harry’ s desk, “And
he's in this room” he finished. Moody finally looked at Airakus, the two meeting eyes.
Moody's tongue shot out as if he was a lizard.
Airakus walked to dinner after that class completely ignoring his friends who were all talking
about how crazy moody was, he was not agreeing or disagreeing because Airakus knew one
thing about their statement 'Moody's crazy!' wasn't true. That was NOT Alastor Moody .
"You alright Airakus?" Seamus asked as they sat down to eat.  
He nodded, not saying another word.  
He would deal with this later .
It was W ednesday night and a few kids, including Airakus, Hermione and Harry were down
in the entrance hall around the cup, Cedric Diggory and V ictor Krum had both put their
names in, along with a bunch of other 17 year old Hogwarts students. Airakus was sitting
next to Hermione on the benches when Fred and Geor ge came running in, explaining their
plan to breach the age line. Airakus was laughing along, knowing that it wouldn't work but
not wanting to be an arse, until Hermione needed to say something.
“It's not going to work” Hermione sang out as Fred and Geor ge sat on either side of her and
Airakus. “Yeah? And why that Granger?” Fred asked in a chuckle as he nudged Hermione
playfully . “Because, that is an age line, Dumbledore drew it himself!” Hermione pointed out
the obvious, Geor ge rolled his eyes as Fred mimicked him. “So?” Geor ge asked as he tookthe potion vile out of his robe pocket and shook it in front of Hermione as if it was the answer
to her life's problems.
“So, a genius like Dumbledore wouldn't draw an age line breakable by something so
pathetically dim witted, as an ageing potion” Hermione scof fed as she reopened her book,
clearly letting the twins know it was time to bugger of f. Fred continued to nag at Hermione
for a while, Airakus had laid back into Harry who was sitting behind him, his head now in his
lap as he rubbed his face with his hands mocking Hermione's snarky remarks everytime Fred
got close to proving her wrong.
“Ready mate?” Fred asked Geor ge suddenly , waking Geor ge from the intense zone out he
had been in, “Oh yea ready!”.  
Geor ge hadn't been listening whatsoever , Hermione was nice and all but she got annoying
when she was ar guing with somebody , he would know given Fred tended to piss her of f just
for the fun of it.
“The grey suits you Geor gie!” Airakus stuttered after he had finally caught his breath after
laughing with Harry for 20 minutes, clearly Fred and Geor ge W easley were not potion
prodigies. Geor ge rolled his eyes and flipped Airakus the bird before the twins were rushed
off to Madame pomfrey . They really were stupid sometimes.
 
That Thursday afternoon was the selection of the champions, Fred and Geor ge had tried,
along with alot of students who were under the age of 17, but none had gotten in. The
students were all stuf fed in the great hall, lining the blue lit rooms walls, all eager to see the
goblet of fire as it spat out a piece of paper , the entire hall silencing to listen to Dumbledore's
first champion. “The Durmstrang Champion, V ictor Krum!” Dumbledore shouted to the great
hall filled with students. Everyone clapped but it was expected given V ictor was the only
student that Egor Karkarof f had allowed near the goblet of fire all week, clearly they had a
plan in place.
“Wonder who's going to get chosen for Beauxbutons?” Ron whispered to Airakus, Harry and
Hermione who were all sitting together on the right of the hall. “I bet it'll be Peter , he said he
was going to put his name in” Ginny squeaked in reference to the boy from the french school
she had met.  
Ron rolled his eyes in response before Dumbledore had already called a name. “Fleur
Delacour!” That was the girl all the boys in school had been goggling at for the past week, at
least six boys had asked her out, all rejected like idiots.
Airakus had been asked if he thought she was pretty , and he had nodded in agreement, though
the violent pain in his stomach he got around half of the girls from Beauxbutons made him
sure of his suspicion.  
They were part veela.
“Now , for the Hogwarts champion!” Dumbledore shouted, silencing the chattering among the
students, and the crying coming from the other students in Beauxbutons. Airakus turned to
Fred and Geor ge, whom he had made bets with. Fred claimed that Mark (who was a year
ahead of them) would be chosen, but Airakus didn't believe he had even entered his name.Geor ge agreed with Fred, as the two usually did but Airakus had bet a trip to Honeydukes
where the twins would pay that Cedric Diggory , the boy they had met at the world cup, would
be chosen. Airakus did believe that Cedric would be chosen, he was talking about entering
and Airakus and Seamus had seen him put his name in the goblet, and besides, he didn't mind
taking Fred and Geor ge to Honeydukes if he lost.
“CEDRIC DIGGOR Y!” Dumbledore boomed, a grin on his face, clearly satisfied with his
school's champion.  
Airakus whipped his head to face the W easley twins who looked happy for Cedric, their faces
changed when they turned to see Airakus looking at them both with a wide smile on his face.
'Next Friday' Airakus mouthed at the twins who nodded sadly before returning their attention
to the goblet, which had suddenly engulfed in dark crimson flames, the blue lit rooms turning
into a heap of dark red shadows within seconds. Airakus watched in silence as he listened to
the slow breathing of the surrounding students. A paper emer ged, sizzled on either end,
Dumbledore snatching it from the air with furrowed brows.
“Harry Potter ...” Dumbledore mumbled, Airakus hearing him loud and clear , the boy turning
to Harry with wide eyes. "HARR Y POTTER?!" He yelled.
“I can't believe it! He didn't even tell me how he got in!” Ron rambled angrily as Airakus sat
watching the marauders map that Harry and him had claimed a mutual object between the
two of them. Harry had begun walking back to the dorm from the meeting with the other
champions and then a clear ar gument in Dumbledore's of fice between Snape, Mcgonagall and
the Headmaster himself. “Ron, don't be daft Harry wouldn't have put his name in!” Dean
tried to reason with the ginger who had clearly made up his mind.
Ron rolled his eyes at Dean, “well then how did he get chosen? T wo Hogwarts champions
wasn't even possible, yet here he is! Honestly!” Ron ranted and at that Airakus sat up, now
slightly annoyed with his best friend who had begun trashing his brother for no reason!
“Harry wouldn't have entered for the life of him and you know it Ron! Y ou're just jealous that
he's getting attention and you're not, can you put a sock in it because hearing you talk about
one of your best mates badly for no reason is pointless! Besides, he's going to be here in
3,2,1....” and with that Harry entered the dorm looking tired, his eyes red from crying clearly .
Dean, Seamus and Neville fell silent, Ron on the other hand decided to bring his opinion up
to the man himself.  
“You're a tosser , you know that? Why didn't you tell me?” Ron demanded as Harry shuf fled
towards his bed, snif fing the tears away .
“Tell you what?” Harry asked, confused as he rubbed his eyes, crossing the room and sitting
down on his bed with a huf f. “How you did it!” Ron exclaimed as if it was the most obvious
thing on earth.
“I didn't put my name in that cup! I didn't ask for any of this!” Harry cried, the tears welling
into his eyes as he stood once more. Ron scof fed and closed the curtains around his bed,
Neville having done so minutes ago to avoid the ar gument, Dean’ s curtains were open but he
had gone to sleep (or was pretending to) and Seamus was sat, staring at Dean, as Airakus
noticed he did every so often now , mostly after an ar gument or a disagreement between theother boys, which had happened between Harry and Ron a few times over the past week. Not
in a creepy way , just glancing over at him and letting his eyes linger on the other boy for far
too long, something Airakus himself had been accustomed to doing to Marty when he had
still lived in W ales and spent time with Airakus and his other muggle friends.
“G'night Seamus” Airakus hinted, trying to make Seamus realize what he was doing. He did
and smiled at Airakus. “Gnight Airy” Seamus said thankfully as he tugged at his curtains and
stuffed his head into his pillow .
 
Harry turned to Airakus, a few tears visibly rolling down his cheeks from the crescent moon
outside.
“Mulfato" Airakus muttered as he walked towards and continued to hug Harry . They had
hugged before, but not like this, this was because Harry was sad.  
“Rons a tosser sometimes, he's just nervous about you being hurt and he ought to be jealous
of the attention you get, he's got a big family ,” Airakus sighed as he handed Harry some
chocolate.  
“Chocolate, really? Thanks Professor Lupin!” Harry joked as he swallowed his tears and ate
some chocolate, Airakus rolled his eyes as the two ate their chocolate and began discussing
how outraged they were at the cancellation of Quidditch that year , AIrkaus not bothering to
ask what had happened given he had a pretty good idea.
Brothers.
Chapter End Notes
They are so sibling goals, we love Harry and Airy so much.  
No Draco in this chapter , giving us a wee bit of a break.  
Rons a dick in this part so be prepared.Anger
Chapter Summary
The tension is BUILDING.  
Tw- Homophobia, homophobic slur . 
Malfoy and Airakus get into an ar gument, after a rather dif ficult letter from Remus.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Dear Pup,  
It's me, obviously , since I doubt anyone other than some secret lover would bother writing
you! Padfoot is still here, and he's doing alright but Harry has sent him an owl regarding the
tournament, you need to listen to me when I say this. If something happens to Harry , you go
straight to Dumbeldore, you've got to be there for him, we are his family Airakus. Sirius
plans to tell Harry this as well but, whoever put his name in that goblet is no friend to us.
People die in this tournament....and Harry said he didn't do it, so he didn't do it.  
Also, since Sirius is home, I think that for Christmas you could come home? I understand if
you want to go to the W easleys but I was thinking that Seamus and his mother could come as
well, maybe T onks and Andy , Minerva and Poppy perhaps?  
I love you pups, I'll see you at the next full moon and I'm able to attend the challenges if I
wish but I doubt Dumbeldore would be pleased with me being there. Please keep writing to
me, and Sirius every once in a while, he appreciates the letters kiddo.
Love,  
Mooney
P.S. Harry doesn't know that Sirius and I are well, together . He also isn't aware that Sirius is
with me so, you know I hate asking you of this but if you can not tell him for the time being
it would be great Pup!
 
Airakus reread that letter a few times during class that Friday . Harry had written to Sirius and
apparently was supposed to meet him in the common room that night, he had asked Airakus
to go with him given he couldn't ask Ron who was ignoring the both of them and he didn't
want to worry Hermione more than the girl already was.
‘Don't tell Harry that Sirius is with Remus in both senses, check’ Airakus was going over in
his head as he walked to his next class with Hermione, he had classes with all his friends all
week other than after lunch where he had classes with Neville and Seamus given other than afew girls, Seamus and Neville were the only other fourth year Gryf findors that took Care Of
Magical Creatures that year .
‘No friend to us, code to watch out for clear enemies and suspicious people...’ Airakus kept
thinking, making sure that he thoroughly understood what that letter meant. That someone
was trying to kill Harry again, that he needed to protect his family and that he needed to keep
Harry safe, as if he hadn't already been doing that for nearly two years.
Moody crossed his thoughts, the boy dismissing it as Seamus walked into the dorm.
Care of Magical Creatures was interesting that day . Hagrid was out of it, probably due to
Harry’ s situation, so the class were left with a few gnomes and some plain instructions.
Airakus could barely wait to be back in his common room with his friends, though he
doubted that this day would end that smoothly .
After an early dinner with Seamus and Neville, given the others had been held up in
Arithmancy and weren't there, Airakus bolted to the dorms, begging the gods that he would
get the peaceful ending that he needed. Seamus and Neville had been swept away to the
Library by one of Neville's Huf flepuf f friends, Seamus had begged Airakus to help him given
the boy hadn't wanted to go but hadn't wanted to be mean to Neville. Airakus had laughed
and said ‘library or dorm to fuck around and wait for Harry and Ron? Definitely number
two!' before the W erewolf had rushed of f leaving the others.
Airakus was laying on his bed, setting of f little lights with his wand when a massive owl
darted into the boy's bedroom, knocking Airakus of f his bed from shock.
The bird perched on the top of Ron's bed and dropped the letter out of its mouth as it sat there
looking down at Airakus.
The envelope was green.
 
Dear Airakus,
Need to see you.  
Come to flitwicks old room on the third floor .
-D
 
Airakus groaned as he got up of f the floor , writing a quick ‘sure be there’ to send back to
Draco as he grabbed the marauders map before he rushed out of the dorm before his
roommates could question him about where he was going.
When he entered the classroom Draco was pacing there, he was in his uniform, only he still
had his robes on, while Airakus had for gotten his in the dorm.“What's wrong?’ Airakus asked, but before he could ask anything else Draco was hugging
him again.
It made the odd feeling subtly go away , it was still there but it was duller now that he was
close.  
But that was weird.
It had been weeks since they had talked.  
Sure Airakus had been thinking about Draco.  
But he always thought about the boy . 
And sure he had been thinking about the hug.  
But it was weird that Draco clearly had been as well.
“Is this why you needed to see me?” Airakus chuckled as Draco finally let go.
“No, I wanted to…talk to you.” Draco looked confused, which made Airakus laugh.
“If you missed me you could have just said that Malfoy” Airakus rolled his eyes, Draco
shoving him.  
“Oh Shuddup you wanker .” Draco scof fed at him as the two sat in the classroom awkwardly
staring at each other .
That odd feeling kept returning, the one that went away when they hugged, but would be
worse afterwards when Airakus was sitting alone in the dorms.
They talked for a while about the tournament, Airakus explaining how Harry didn’ t put his
name in, Draco scof fing and changing the subject.  
They both agreed on how stupid it was that Quidditch was cancelled, and how idiotic the
entire tournament was.
“I heard that the Mu…..Granger is running that S.P .E.W thing?” Draco mumbled, going beat
red as he corrected himself.  
Airakus smirked as he watched Draco fumble out words about how he'd like to join it if he
could, but he can't given his father would be furious.  
He had corrected himself.  
He hadn't done that before.  
Airakus had gotten mad at him about calling Hermione and Ron certain things, and he had
scoffed and mumbled an apology . 
But he had just done it himself.
“You know , I could always tell Mione to keep the fact that you're a member between the three
of us? She wouldn't mind I don't think..." Airakus reassured Draco as the slytherin sighed
dramatically .
“No no, Granger can not know about us being civil! That was the agreement we had, nobody
can know!” Draco said almost as if it was hurting him to tell Airakus no.
“Shame, I'd be less bored during her meetings if you were there” Airakus mumbled,
expecting Malfoy not to hear him.“I would if I could,” Draco replied with a scof f, the room falling silent again.
Airakus stayed, leaning against the desk.  
Draco sighed, catching Airakus’ s attention as he crossed the space between them, reaching
out and fixing Airakus’ s shirt collar .
“You're so unkempt Rosier , I swear I don't know how people fancy you.” Draco sighed with a
scoff, Airakus watching Dracos hands fiddle with his collar before he smirked.
“Who fancies me Malfoy? Are you not telling me something? Did Parkinson's dump you for
me?” Airakus teased, Draco’ s sears going bright red as he backed away against the opposite
desk.
“Me and Pansy are friends, and I didnt mean it like that. Just people do fancy you, the
Weaselettes got an eye for you and Potter it's hilarious, Granger , Abbot’ s madly in love, or
maybe not after the beach,” Draco rambled as he stared at Airakus who was looking at him,
his smirk dropping.
“Ginny and Hermione don't fancy me, Jesus Malfoy we’re friends. And yea, Hannah
definitely doesn't anymore, thanks for that!” Airakus scof fed, Draco suddenly looking rather
concerned.
“Oh? Did you fancy her back? I thought you didn't like her , that's why I scared her of f. I
didn't mean to…” Draco began, his eyes going glossy before Airakus shook his head
urgently .
“No, no, jesus Draco, I don't like Hannah, I didn't mean it like that” Airakus sighed as he
reached out to grab Draco's hand, but the boy shoved his hands in his pant pockets before
Airakus could.
“You're allowed to have a girlfriend Rosier , Jesus, it's not like I'm some Faggot or
something.” Draco ran a hand through his hair as he sneered at Airakus.  
That's when Airakus realised the true dif ference between Malfoy and Draco.  
That's when Airakus remembered that Draco Malfoy was one person.  
That's when Airakus nodded with a sarcastic scof f.
“One of my best friends is a Faggot for your information, and it's really none of my concern
if you are or if you aren't. If your going to be an arse about that type of stuf f you can go fuck
yourself all the way back to England.” Airakus stormed out of the empty classroom.  
Ignoring the calls that Malfoy made, trying to get him to stay .
He wasn't going to do this anymore.  
He shouldn't have done it in the first place.
For over a year he had been chasing Draco around, in an odd game of attention tag.  
But he was over it now . 
He could push Malfoy to be better about Hermione, the boy had stopped calling her fascist
things and was getting better . 
He could push Malfoy to be better about his friends, although that was still a work inprogress.  
Hell the Slytherin had hugged Airakus, accepting him for being a bloody monster .
But he wouldn't take that.  
For Seamus, for Remus and Sirius, he wasn't going to push anymore.  
Not over something as stupid as blokes liking blokes.
His stomach hurt all night.
Chapter End Notes
We hate internalized homophobia, but it had to be done :/I missed you, Merlins beard!
Chapter Summary
Warning, V iolance--  
A chat with Sirius, a chat with Seamus and a fight with Malfoy in a tunnel.  
Hermione being an icon?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus returned to his dorm and stuf fed his head into his pillow . 
Maybe if he suf focated he wouldn't have to explain to Seamus why he looked like he was
crying.
The twins came in to bother Airakus, snapping him out of his mopey mood.
“We’ll bring you sweets back from Hogsmeade on the first weekend given its the moon” Fred
sighed as he popped a jelly bean into his mouth.
Airakus nodded as the dorm room door was flung open to show Ron with a stack of
homework in hand.
“What are you two doing in here?” He asked, still sounding annoyed.  
“Talking to Airakus” Geor ge replied as he stood from the bed and headed towards the door
where Fred already stood.
“Better be of f now , Ronald here looks mad!” Fred chuckled before Ron flung his pillow at
the two who had continued to laugh and rush out of the dorm room.
Ron scof fed as he set his homework down before rooting through his trunk for something.
“Those arseholes took my sweets!” Ron shouted as he dashed after Fred and Geor ge, redder
than his hair . Airakus laughed as he layed back down.
He sat there for a while before Harry returned with seemingly more homework than Ron,
which was a shock.
“C'mon mate, we've got to get to the common room! Sirius is meeting us there in two hours
and I don't want to miss him!” Harry screeched at AIrakus who was half asleep as the boy
dragged him out of the dorm and onto the couch in front of the fireplace. Although Airakus
had been in Gryf findor all year last year , he had barely spent any time in the common room.It was nice, he could tell why Sirius and Remus liked it there, the warm colours and the lack
of people after classes really helped.
Airakus watched Harry herd students away , some first years were lingering around 6:45 and
Harry had threatened to hex them if they didn't leave given Sirius had said to meet at 7.
Eventually the common room was dark and quiet, everyone upstairs other than Airakus and
Harry .
“Where is he?” Harry asked after 7:08 had sprung onto the clock, that's when Sirius’ s face
appeared in the fireplace.
“Harry!” Sirius said sternly before he told Harry the same thing Remus had told Airakus, that
the person who put his name into the goblet was no friend and that he was in danger .
“Airakus, Remus wrote you right?” Sirius asked the other boy after Harry had stopped
talking.
“Yea, he did, is he alright, he seemed a bit skittish even in his writing, it was all scratched
out...” Airakus asked Sirius quickly , trying not to let it go that Sirius and Remus were with
each other , Sirius clearly didn't get the memo.
“He was alright today , when he found out he was of f all day but he said he misses you and
that we'll see you at Christmas, now i've got to go!” Sirius said, “Bye!” Harry panicked
before Sirius’ s face disappeared, leaving only a few etched out words that Harry ignored as
he whipped his head around to speak to Ron who had come downstairs looking for them.
Airakus ignored their bickering as he read the message left behind.
“Love you Puppers!”.  
Airakus smirked as he used his wand to magic the words away without touching the hot
coals.  
“Love you too Pads!” Airakus mumbled before Harry and him rushed of f to bed before the
new head boy could find them out after curfew .
 
Airakus had never wanted to leave Hogwarts more than he wanted to the next Friday . 
He was sitting at the lunch table with Seamus and Dean, Harry walking over to them.  
Ron and Hermione were nowhere to be seen and the great hall was loud, given Dumbledore
had announced the first task.
Airakus was pissed of f already , over Quidditch and all the stuf f he had to do for class and
Hermione.  
The nerves about Alastor , or whoever Alastor was.
But this.  
This made it worse.
“Oi Potter!” A familiar voice seethed from behind them, Airakus and Seamus turning around,
Harry dropping his head on the table in pure exhaustion.He had just sat down beside Dean.
“Did you really need to be the center of attention again this year? Can't last five minutes
without having everyone worrying about poor little Harry Potter!'' Malfoy mocked in a sneer
as he looked down at Harry , clearly not seeing Airakus given when the boy stood, dead in
front of Malfoy , the entire hall turning to watch, Draco froze.
“Need anything, Malfoy?” Airakus asked, enunciating the boy's last name, earning an odd
look from the Slytherin boy who stared back at Airakus, the sneer falling of f his face for a
moment, replaced with soft hurt eyes, only to be replaced with a scowl.
“Because if you're here to brother Harry you can take that idea and shove it up Knotts arse.”
Airakus nodded to Theo who nodded back awkwardly . 
They were technically cousins afterall.  
Purebloods.
Draco looked at Theo and then back at Airakus before turning around and stalking out of the
great hall.
“Draco wait!” Pansy called after him as she rushed out of the hall.
“Fuck of f Parkinson!” Everyone heard before the doors slammed closed, Airakus sitting back
down as Theo rushed after the both of them.
“What in god's name is up with him recently? Leave us alone the first few weeks back and
now decided to come tear the mickey out of me!?” Harry groaned as Dean patted his
shoulder .
“You'll be fine mate, we've got an attack dog!” Dean nodded to Airakus, Seamus wheezing as
he nudged Airakus and wiggled his eyebrows.
Attack dog.  
Very funny .
 
The next few days followed the same.  
They ate breakfast together , Airakus keeping watch of Harry , keeping the Slytherins away . 
Classes were a bore, Airakus had partnered with Neville for potions, not wanting to be
around Draco anymore than he already was, so potions was also horrid, given Airakus was
relatively bad at that class, and Neville was just downright horrible.
Seamus was sad, Dean had stopped hanging out with him these past few days, spending time
with Hannah Abbott who had clearly , after the situation at the lake, moved on from Airakus
who had no interest in her anyways.
People were talking about Harry , the majority of the school now brandishing a ‘potter stinks’
badge that Cedrics mates and Malfoy had made, earning a violent glare from Airakus.Harry was stressed, extremely stressed, and now with Ron completely avoiding Harry and
barely speaking to Airakus, everything was becoming complicated quicker than Airakus had
hoped it would.
The rumours about Airakus were also growing, people constantly gossiping about Remus,
people talking about Sirius, people talking about W erewolves and how they were scared that
Remus would have attacked them last year .
Airakus was over it.  
Harry had yelled at a few girls who were calling their old professor some rude things,
Airakus would have dealt with it himself if he hadn't been thinking about Malfoy who had
passed by them moments before, locking eyes with Airakus before rushing away without
saying a word.
It was driving him mad, the word despise creeping back into Airakus's mind.
 
That night Harry finished eating and said that he was going to go study for Herbology with
Neville down by the lake, leaving Seamus and Airakus alone for the first time in days.
“Sea, are you alright?” Airakus asked his friend at their secluded spot at the table, given all
the other students were sitting further and further away from Airakus and Harry each day .
“I thought you'd never ask mate!” Seamus whispered, clearly worried about the few people
who remained relatively near them.
“Did you know who?” Airakus asked in reference to Dean, “V oldemort?" Seamus muttered
with furrowed brows, “No, you git, Dean!” Airakus giggled, still whispering to Seamus.
“Oh, er , yeah. He's been spending a lot of time with Hannah and with everything going on
between Harry and Ron and with the tournament and you and me hanging out this summer it
seems like he's avoiding me.” Seamus grumbled as he played with his robe awkwardly ,
avoiding eye contact with Airakus.
“What about me and you hanging out?” Airakus asked, confused, Seamus froze as if he had
said something he shouldn't have.  
“Oh right, I wrote you a letter but I think my owl got lost or something because I got a letter
back from a muggle who was very confused, erm. When I got to Deans we were talking
about our summers and I mentioned having a good time at your house and he got all quiet
and said that he was glad that I was hanging out with my other friends even though he hadn't
or something...” Seamus explained nervously as Airakus listened intently .
“Oh, he was jealous?” Airakus smirked as he sat up from their semi huddled conversation.
“No, why would he be jealous? He's got Abbott to hangout with now anyways.” Seamus
sneered in a mocking tone.“I think that Dean was jealous you didn't spend the whole summer with him, like you usually
do, and now he's retaliating by avoiding you. Just bug him until he gives in, trust me it
works!” Airakus explained with a chuckle, Seamus rolling his eyes. "And how are you so
sure?" Seamus scof fed jokingly , Airakus glancing towards the Slytherin table apprehensively ,
thinking about telling Seamus, then shaking his head. "Hunch. T rust me! Go find him"
Airakus replied, Seamus nodding, standing up and rushing of f without another word. The
oblivious git.
 
Airakus was tired.  
He wouldn't be able to get to Hogsmeade the first weekend given the full was that night.  
All his friends were of f together or ar guing with each other . 
And he had run out of chocolate.
Airakus decided that the best way to celebrate the first task, which was that Saturday , would
be to go to Honeydukes with the map and get Harry some candy , replenishing his stash along
with Ron's (which the twins had stolen) while he was there.
Airakus made his way through the halls, remaining relatively hidden.  
Not only did he not want to run into anyone he knew , but he was avoiding the rumours being
thrown his way , and down his ears every two seconds.  
He had never hated being a W erewolf.  
He had known it was a part of him.  
Until now . 
Now Hogwarts felt like hell.  
And Puppers wasn't helping.
Airakus stumbled through the one eyed witch passageway as he sang She W ants Revenge.  
Sirius had been shocked when Airakus had played that muggle band, the man dancing around
like a teenager at a concert.
Honeydukes was empty and as Airakus returned to the passageway he had stuf fed pockets
and a bag of chocolate, the majority of the money he had brought having been left behind on
the counter .
Airakus ate chocolate while he wandered back towards the castle, still humming muggle
music.  
He turned a corner , the one that crossed over one of the more well known passageways
through Hogwarts, and instead of finding himself alone, he ran into someone he'd rather not
see.
Malfoy .
The blonde boy snarled and tried to storm past Airakus but the taller boy blocked his way .
“What are you bloody doing Rosier?” Malfoy sneered as he took a few stumbled steps back,
staring at Airakus with a look of pure distaste.  Airakus had learnt to see past that look in Draco's eyes.  
He could see how nervous the boy really was.
“What are you doing down here?” Airakus asked, seemingly going auto mode, for getting
who he was talking to.
“Trying to get back to the dorm before Filch kills me? It's past curfew , now let me pass!”
Draco seethed as he pushed Airakus, trying to get him to move.
Airakus pushed him back, not hard, more just to get him back away from Airakus, trying to
get the odd feeling to leave, to leave him alone.
Draco shoved him, the boy stumbling.  
Airakus shoved him back harder , until they were pushing each other , eventually fighting full
on. 
Airakus wasn't sure if Draco had actually punched him or if his elbow had hit his head, but
suddenly his jaw hurt and his mouth was bloody , Draco’ s knuckles scratched from him falling
against the wall, his robes scuf fed up and his eyebrow bleeding, very noticeable against his
pale skin and white hair .
The two sat there intertwined, staring at each other out of breath, before Airakus began
laughing.  
Draco looked at the boy , before he too began chuckling, eventually they were both laughing
hysterically .
“I missed you, merlin's beard!” Airakus sighed as he laid down on the ground, Draco sitting
beside him, staring down at him with a strange expression.
“I, I…I guess I missed you too Rosier .." Draco sighed as he too laid down, staring at the
rocky ceiling.
“Can we just for get about everything that happened? Go back to how it was before?” Airakus
groaned internally at himself.
He knew he shouldn't.  
He really shouldn't.  
He promised himself he wouldn't.  
He would stand by what he said.  
If Draco couldn't change then he would push.  
But Draco had changed.  
He had changed for Hermione, and Ron and Harry , at least around Airakus.  
He had changed for Remus and Airakus and their lycanthropy . 
He would change for Seamus if he knew , Airakus knew he would.
“How even was it before?” Draco sighed as well.  
“It was better than fighting you in a tunnel?” Airakus said in a sort of question, Draco stifling
his smirk as he groaned.“Im sorry , really I am! I didn't mean it like that I just freaked out about it and I really didn…”
Draco began but Airakus sighed, cutting him of f.
“Its fine, honestly it's fine. As Long as you're willing to change, as long as you don't want to
be like that anymore, then its fine.” Airakus explained shortly , Draco propping himself up on
his elbows as Airakus sat up, a smirk appearing on his face.
“Your robes are dirty ,” Airakus pointed out.
“No shit.” Draco rolled his eyes as Airakus stood, of fering a hand to help Malfoy to his feet.  
The boy took it.
“What am I supposed to tell Seamus when I get back bleeding?” Airakus sighed as he and
Draco walked down the corridor , avoiding filch and the prefects.
“Tell them we got into a fight, it's easiest and my friends will believe me as well,” Draco
sighed back.
“So I won clearly” Airakus grinned, Draco rolling his eyes.  
“In your dreams Rosier” he replied.
Airakus smiled the entire way back to the dorm.  
He smiled as he took of f his robes and sat down on his bed, playing with his wand as he
looked at the photos on his nightstand.
His smile dropped when Seamus entered the room, their entire dormitory standing behind
him, all worried as they stared at Airakus.
“WHERE HA VE YOU BEEN!?” Seamus screeched.
As Airakus sat on the bathroom floor , all 5 of his best mates around him as Dean cleaned his
wounds, he told them the truth.
“Got in a fight with Malfoy , he’ll be leaving you alone from now on Harry .” Airakus winked
at Harry who went beat red, stumbling on his words, something he did whenever anybody
teased him like that.
“Is he as bad as you?” Dean sighed.  
Nobody really cared if Malfoy was alright, other than Airakus, but Dean being Dean, he had
to ask.
“Not really , he hit me pretty good before I got him of f of me. He was bleeding as well if that's
what you mean....” Airakus chuckled, Ron grinning as he avoided looking at Harry , the two
still ar guing.
“Tomorrow will be fun, the other schools already heard about this, 100 percent!” Seamus said
as he popped his bubble gum, Airakus laughing along with the rest of the boys, when their
dorm room door swung open.“Airakus ROSIER!” Hermione screeched, the door to the dorm swinging open, the girls cat
on her shoulders, her hair in a tight bonnet, her purple pajamas making her look like an
American girl straight out of teen magazine.
"Hello!" Airakus grinned, his mouth still bleeding as Dean continued to fuss over him,
Hermione and Ron both going beat red as the girl shoved passed the other boys, kneeling
beside Dean as she took began inspecting AIrakus's injuries, the boys not saying another
word as they dispersed back into the dorm.
Chapter End Notes
“You'll be fine mate, we've got an attack dog” Dean nodded to Airakus, Seamus
wheezing as he nudged Airakus and wiggled his eyebrows.
Attack dog.  
Very funny .
Hilariouuuuuuuuussss.  
Fighting is fun to write, just the ar guing isnt, so yep, violance...also we don't like
Airkaus for giving Draco so soon, wonder why he's doing that???Not Alastor Moody...
Chapter Summary
Full moon, Dean and Neville get a special suprise, plot with Draco and Harry , along
with a rather unfortunate realization about Alastor Moody , or whoever that is.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day the entire great hall was buzzing.  
Airakus got congratulated by some prefects and Mcgonagall was giving him an approving
look as Draco was teased by Pansy and Blaise.
Airakus wore the fact that he had ‘beat’ Malfoy in a fight as sarcastically proudly as he could.  
That weekend came sooner than he had accepted, the full moon coming with it.
Airakus had landed himself in the hospital wing that morning, having gotten Dean and Ron to
carry him downstairs, his legs having basically stopped working.  
The entire dorm, Hermione and the twins were now surrounding his bed, Madame Pomfrey
going crazy in the corner , needing these kids out of the room now .
“I was busy all week, and I was mostly alright until this morning, the moons just hitting me
harder than recently ....” Airakus sighed. Hermione audibly gasped, Ron’ s hand gripped
Airakus’ s shoulder tightly while everyone else around them froze, Seamus suddenly pale and
Harry whiter than a ghost. Dean and Neville sat confused at the foot of Airakus’ s bed.
“The moon? What on earth are you…..oh!” Dean's eyebrows shot up, the boy turning to
Seamus who merely filled his mouth with air and turned away . Neville went paler than he
already was.
Airakus felt his stomach drop, remembering through his ignorance that Dean and Neville had
no clue he was a werewolf.
“Supriiiiise!” Airakus dragged his words out, sending the boys a toothy smile as he made
small jazz hands, cautiously sitting back up and looking in between Neville and Dean with
his bottom lipped sucked in his mouth, his teeth digging into the soft skin.
“Jesus Christ!” Dean repeated in a whisper under his breath as Neville was still sitting, frozen
head to toe, his skin tone similar to that of a ghost.
Dean stood suddenly and Airakus grabbed Ron’ s hand on his shoulder , scared for a moment.  
He never knew what reaction Dean or Neville would have, which is part of the reason he
hadn't told them yet.“That makes so much sense mate, why didn't you tell us all earlier!” Dean said with a
massive goofy smile that made Seamus go red out of the corner of Airakus’ s eye.
“We, we all know Dean...” Hermione explained as she patted Dean’ s shoulder
sympathetically . Nevilles eyes went wide.  
"YOU ALL KNEW AND YOU STILL MADE ME W AKE HIM UP!?" NEville screamed
suddenley , causing Poppy to peek around the corner of her of fice wall, confused as to why
they were yelling. "Neville, what was he going to do? Bite your bloody head of f?" Seamus
scoffed. "Maybe!" Neville replied, looking towards AIrkaus with raised eyebrows. "No
offence mate, its just....are you really a W erwolf?" Neville said, his voice dropping when he
said it, as if it were a slur . AIrkaus laughed slightly , causing Seamus and Ron to snicker ,
Hermione hitting them both, glaring at them to shut up. "Yea....yea thats why I erm....why I
live with Remus..." Airakus mumbled, Dean glancing towards Seamus before turning back
towards Airakus, sitting back down on the edge of the cot. "Y ou could have told us sooner
mate, I could have helped, Madame Pomfrey could have taught me how to take care of you
afterwards, so you didn't have to stay in here so long!" Dean waved a hand around the
hospital wing, AIrakus staring at the boy with raised eyebrows, his face matching Nevilles,
covered with shock. "I just didn't know what you'd say ..." Airakus replied with a small
chuckle, trying to break the serious tone. "I'd say this....WHA T??! Then I'd hug you and feel
bad for all the times I ate your chocolate while you were in the hospital wing..." Neville
nodded, Airakus turning to him as Neville went red. "Whaaaaaat!?" Neville asked, hugging
AIrkaus and then sitting down in the chair besides the bed, staring at the floor , face ridden
with guilt.
“You can't tell anyone!” Airakus stammered out, and everyone stopped in their tracks, Dean
and Neville staring at Airakus while everyone else looked between the three concerned.
“Course” Dean nodded, Neville nodding his head in agreement quickly after him.
"You're still you mate, this doesn't change anything!" Dean sighed, Neville nodding in
agreement.  
"But...maybe someone else can wake you up now?" Neville stammered out, Airakus laughing
as he watched Poppy approach the horde of students.
Relief washed over him in waves throughout that night, but still, Airakus was an anxious
mess.
He had told Draco before he had told Dean and Neville.  
He was a horrible friend.
The full moon was awful even though Airakus had not had a nightmare the night before,
given he didn't sleep.
He had been too busy racking his brain, thinking about the things he needed to keep up.  
He had spoken to Hermione about his dilemma, she now knew some details, Harry was in the
tournament and was most likely going to die, the nightmare had become worse, Dean and
Neville knew about Puppers, Sirius was living in W ales with Remus but Airakus couldn't tell
Harry and the first task of the triwizard tournament was next weekend.He didn't even mention anything with Draco, which surely was causing more stress on top of
all that.
It was five days before the first task and Harry had just run into the common room looking
horror struck.
“What is it?” Airakus asked as he and Hermione rushed over to Harry , Airakus slower than
the girl given his shoulder had been bothering him from the last moon.
“Dragons, Hagrid just took me, I have to fight a dragon for the first task!” Harry exclaimed,
looking absolutely horrified. Airakus sighed as Hermione basically dragged the boys to the
library to find a way to fight dragons as a fourth year student with little to know combat
skills.
Harry and Airakus spent the next two days studying dragons, Harry preparing some spells
and curses.
The pair were in the courtyard, Harry wanting to talk to Cedric about the first task and
Airakus going with the boy given Harry walking about alone at the moment was a bad idea
given the ‘potter stinks’ badges were growing more popular by the minute.
Airakus could smell Draco sitting in the tree just a few feet away from them as they walked
back towards the castle.
He knew that Draco was going to start going of f at Harry , something he had still been doing,
to keep up an act, an act Airakus knew was an act.
“Potter!” Malfoy grinned as he hopped out of the tree, striding towards Harry and Airakus,
his entourage following.
“My father and I have a bet you see! Y ou see, I don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in
this tournament." Draco scof fed, stopping in front of Harry and Airakus. "He disagrees, he
thinks you won't last five!” Draco snickered, all the Slytherins behind him breaking out into
laughter as Harry glared at Draco.
Airakus groaned as Harry stepped forwards.
“I don't give a damn what your father thinks Malfoy! He's vile and cruel, and you're just
pathetic!” Harry spat back, Malfoy sneering as he reached into his pocket, or well, put his
hand in his pocket, something he did normally while comfortable or angry . 
He was usually a proper wizard, standing up straight, his arms to his sides.  
But when he was uncomfortable, he slouched and his hands hid in his pockets.  
Airakus knew this, because he had spent an ungodly amount of time with the boy over the
past year .
He knew Draco's wand was in his rove pocket, not his trousers pocket, and that veen Malfoy
wouldn't pull it on Harry over something so stupid.
Clearly , Moody did not.Airakus broke down into laughter as a white ferret scurried around trying to escape Moody
who had just transfigured him.  
Harry looked like he was about to pop from laughter , and Airakus nearly for got about his
problems, nearly for got what he had told Hermione a few days ago.
But as Airakus stood in the doorway watching Harry and Alastor sitting at the desk,
discussing tactics for the dragon he was reminded of those things.
This man, or whatever it was, wasn't Alastor Moody .
‘Moody’ had many pictures hung in his of fice, all of him and Dumbledore, and of him and
Kingsley . The pictures that Alastor would have hung would have been the ones of him with
Kingsley and the one of him with Airakus on the boy's 5th birthday when Airakus had
accidentally turned Moody’ s hair green.
Alastor Moody was a crazy old man, but he was a crazy old man that Airakus had known his
entire life.  
The pictures of Dumbledore were a dead give away , Moody had never really liked Albus all
to much, and he had hated those serious ministry photos they had taken years ago.
The missing things in his of fice gave it away , the missing photos, the missing telescope, the
missing lar ge white rat named Mill that Moody had had since Airakus was a toddler .
The personal items that Moody was never seen without weren't there, and this man sat telling
Harry things, the familiar screams echoing from the trunk beside Airakus.
That was not Alastor Moody .
Alastor Moody wouldn't bother transfiguring students in a rage.  
Alastor Moody would have recognized Airakus by now , nearly a month into school.  
Alastor Moody was not this man, this man who looked down at Harry like he was a fresh
piece of meat.
This was not Alastor Moody .
Chapter End Notes
So this plot point with Moody is important and im going to try and edit it in more, but if
its not mentioned much its becuase I cant be bothered to go to long without wrtiing
about the gays.  
Also PLOOOOOOOOOOT .
Ferret boy my beloved!!!None of us are even gay
Chapter Summary
its just a bit of banter really!  
A letter to Remus, and an odd talk with the lads.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Dear Dad,
I've been doing relatively well recently , but I have something to tell you.
Alastor is the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor this year . 
I've only had a few classes with him given the moons have been in the middle of the week
but me and Harry were with him earlier today and well, whoever it is, it's definitely not
Moody .
He didn't have anything personal that I remember from his house, he hasn't recognized me at
all and hasnt even spoken to me outside of class. I assumed he would want to speak with me
given he's basically family by now? I'm scared, you warned me that whoever put Harry’ s
name in the goblet wasn't a friend, and Moody is, well, not Moody .
I've been meaning to write you just letting you know about the first task. Hagrid let Harry
know and he has to battle a dragon! He's really freaking right now , given Rons not speaking
to him at the moment.
Tell Sirius I said hello, and let him know that Hermione wants to know more about his house
elf for S.P .E.W . 
Please write back to me about Mad eye as soon as you get this!  
-Puppers
 
Airakus sent Remus the letter as soon as he and Harry arrived back in the dorm room, using
Hedwig given the school owls were in the Owlery which was too far for Airakus to bother
walking to.
“Can I read it?”, “Who's it for?” Harry kept pestering even after Hedwig had flown away
towards her destination.  
Airakus would have to make sure that Hedwig brought the letter to him and not Harry , given
Airakus didn't plan on mentioning the whole 'Moody' thing to Harry yet, it was just asuspicion, a strong one true but a suspicion none the less. The man was old anyways, maybe
he had just for gotten Airakus?
Highly unlikely ....
“It's for nobody , going nowhere, about nothing!” Airakus rolled his eyes as he laid down in
his bed, his red hoodie and shorts consuming him as he prepared to cast the silencing charm
around his bed. “Well it's clearly for someone,” Harry rolled his eyes as Seamus and Neville
walked into the room.  
“What's for someone?” Neville asked as he and Seamus began preparing for bed.  
“Airakus had written a letter to a secret person!” Harry stated with a smirk.  
Airakus rolled his eyes as he sat back up, prepared for an ar gument or annoying conversation
of some sort.
“Oh, who?” Neville asked not getting the hint, Seamus was grinning ear to ear as he sat down
next to Harry , the both of them looking at Airakus intently . “Who’ s it for Airy? Hannah?”
Seamus bugged, Neville finally understanding and turned to face his three friends excitedly .
“No its not for fucking Hannah Abbott.” Airakus scof fed with another roll of his eyes as he
leaned on his hands, realizing that this conversation was going to last.  
“Well then who's it for?” Harry asked, all three of them now grinning as they interrogated
Airakus. “Nobody alright? I don't even fancy anyone!” Airakus explained.  
“That's unconvincing, everyone fancies someone....” Neville sighed as he sat on the end of
his bed. “Well then Nev , who do you fancy?” Airakus sprung at the opportunity to direct
Harry and Seamus’ s attention to Neville.  
Neville went bright red. “Well, erm, if you must know , There's this girl in the year below
us...Luna, Luna Lovegood. She's a friend of mine, and she's, well, yea” Neville explained
through stutters, redder than Airakus’ s jumper by now .
“MY COUSIN! YOU F ANCY MY COUSIN! MY LITTLE BABY COUSIN!?” Airakus
screeched, Seamus grabbing his arm to shut him up.
“I…I..I di…didn't know you two were c..cousins!!!" Neville stuttered, panic in his eyes as he
seemingly glowed red.  
“Yea, at least it's not Seamus, I'd murder him, she's too good for the Irish prick!” Airakus
pretended to whisper as Seamus kicked him in the shins.
“Leave Nev alone, who do you fancy Harry?” Dean asked as he came out from the bathroom,
Neville thanking him bashfully . 
“You already know I fancy Cho,'' Harry shrugged of f Airakus’ s stare.  
This was news to Seamus and Neville, Airakus had known for weeks, since last year really . 
“Cho Chang? On the Ravenclaw Quidditch team?” Seamus asked, Harry nodded. Neville and
Seamus repeated the Oooooo that they had all given Neville moments before.
“Did you know Airy?” Neville asked when he saw Airakus laughing.
“Yea, me and Mione figured it out the third time we caught him staring at her!" Airakus
chuckled, Harry’ s turn to blush now .“How bout you Seamus?” Harry asked the boy sitting beside him.
Seamus froze, Airakus froze.  
Seamus’ s heart was beating out of his chest.
‘Dean, dean, dean, dean’ was chanting in his head as he thought of his best friend.  
Airakus was blank, staring between Harry and Seamus in terror . 
Was Seamus going to tell them, or was he going to lie, which Seamus was notably horrible at.
“Nobody .” Seamus lied, though you could hear his voice crack.  
Maybe it was only Airakus who knew that Seamus was lying because Harry was going to
take that answer as he nodded and turned, but Ron had just walked in, and Neville had just
spoken.  
“C'mon Seamus, you've got to fancy someone” Neville had bugged, just as Ron closed the
dorm room door . 
“Seamus fancies someone?” Ron asked with a grin as he tossed his books onto his bed before
hopping and sitting down beside Neville.  
Airakus saw it, nobody else cared to take notice, but Dean froze for a moment when Neville
spoke, he had then readjusted his seat beside Airakus and was staring at Seamus, not
everyone else, very clearly (atleast to Airakus) just Seamus.
Airakus nudged Dean in the ribs lightly with his elbow as he gave him a look that said ‘you
alright’ out of the corner of his eyes. Dean nodded before turning back to look at Seamus.
“No, I don't,” Seamus said, his voice shaky as he continued to glance at Dean and Airakus
(mostly at Dean).
Now Harry James Potter got the wrong idea from how Airakus and Seamus both froze, and
how Seamus looked at Airakus (Dean) after saying he didn't fancy anyone, because that boy
usually came to the wrong conclusions, given he was the most oblivious tosser on the planet.
“Wait, Airakus? Airakus and you?” Harry's eyes widened, baf fled, his eyebrows shooting up,
as did Ron's and Neville's. Dean was glancing between Seamus and Airakus nervously , biting
his bottom lip.
“No!” Both boys said at the same time, sternly .
“Not at all, if I fancied anyone in this room it would be Neville, thanks but no thanks Sea
love ya!” Airakus scof fed as he layed back down, redirecting the attention from Seamus to
him and Neville.
“Wha…what?” Neville stuttered as he again went red from embarrassment, everyone
laughing, Seamus throwing a pillow at Airakus with a ‘rude’.
“None of us are even gay .” Dean muttered, almost asking. Airakus sat back up and Seamus
froze again, along with Harry slightly .
“I'm not,” Ron said.  
“No shit Ron." Airakus rolled his eyes with a laugh.  
“What about you though?” Harry asked Airakus, the room suddenly seeming smaller .“I'm not gay .” Airakus scof fed, glancing at Seamus.  
It wasn't a lie, Airakus did fancy girls, sometimes, but he wasn't opposed to the idea of
fancying blokes, Seamus knew that.
“So, not Ron or Airakus, how about you guys?” Dean asked, Airakus looked between him
and Seamus a bit confused.
“Why are you so stuck on this Dean?” Airakus interjected, before Dean looked at him and
they shared a look, a knowing look.  
“Dunno, just curious” Dean responded,not breaking eye contact with Airakus.  
“Well, I'm not!” Neville reminded them, Harry nodded, still not answering.  
Seamus was looking at his feet.
Neville and Ron went to bed, Dean, Harry , Seamus and Airakus still awake, now sitting on
Airakus’ s bed talking about Marty .
“You still never answered the question, Airakus!!!” Seamus exclaimed suddenly said, as if he
had just remembered something terribly important.  
“What question?” Airakus asked, confused as Harry grinned and Dean looked between the
three boys as confused as Airakus.  
“Who were you writing earlier?” Seamus asked with a grin as Harry and he began pestering
Airakus again, Dean joining them.
“Was it a girl! What house, what year?” Seamus bugged. Harry then stopped and looked at
Airakus seriously , Dean and Seamus stopping confused looking between the two.  
“Were you just writing to that kid from home again?” Harry asked with one eyebrow raised.  
“Erm, no, why?” Airakus asked.
“Cause you don't fancy anyone here, and you two were writing each other all summer . You
got like thirty letters while you were back in W ales, Seamus said so!” Harry added, Seamus
going red as AIrakus turned to him with violent rage splayed on his face. “I was writing
Remus about something, it wasn't important so I didn't tell you mate,” Airakus sighed after
Seamus, Dean and Harry had all gone to their respective beds due to the sudden ‘ar gument’
Harry and Airakus had had.
Did it really seem like he fancied Malfoy just because of the letters? He wondered what
Harry would say if he knew the truth, not like he did fancy Draco, just maybe it wouldn't
seem like that if he knew they were civil?
Airakus didn't sleep that night, his mind preoccupied.  
‘Dean and Seamus, Moody , Remus, Harry , Malfoy , Draco, Draco, Draco’ and with that he
fell asleep, the nightmares coming as they always did.
Chapter End NotesDeans a bit suspicious......  
I KNOW WHA T YOU ARE!Party...
Chapter Summary
first task party , some drama, some drinking and some talking between Airakus and
Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
On the day of the first task, Airakus woke up late and basically dashed out of the common
room towards the great hall.
He was running down the corridor alone. Everyone else had already left after Airakus had
threatened to murder Harry and Ron multiple times if they tried to get him out of bed again.
He was minding his own business, in quite the rush to breakfast, when he ran head on into
somebody , stumbling back as he shook his head, regaining his balance.
“Sorry sir , let me help you up!” Airakus rambled an apology to the grown man he had just
knocked to the ground, it was easy to do so given he was nearly six feet tall, but he had
remorse.  
The man grunted as he stood, brushing his dark robes of f before he and Airakus made dead
eye contact, that's when the tall boy froze.
Barty Crouch had been here since the minute the year had started, Airakus had a feeling that
the man had been avoiding not just him and Harry , but most of the students.
He hadn't been staying at the castle but whenever he was on business he would be in the
corridors. “Mr.Crouch, how have you been?” Airakus asked suddenly , not wanting to come
off as rude and rush of f, he was a ministry of ficer after all and he had been raised to be
cautious around them, any authority figure for that matter .
“Airakus, good, how have you, how's yours, how's Remus?” Couch replied quickly , the man
clearly processing who he was speaking to. Airakus nodded.
“Good, he's....we’re good.” Airakus nodded and with that he assumed that their conversation
was over . 
That's how most interactions with staf f went, other than Minnie or Poppy the staf f were kind,
but short conversations were the norm.
“Wait, Airakus. I'm sorry we haven't spoken since I arrived. I've just been so busy ...I don't
expect you to remember me but I, your father was my son, Bartemius Crouch Jr ."Airakus froze.  
He had never really thought too much on the relationship between his father Evan Rosier , and
his fathers...well his fathers husband really , Barty Crouch Jr . 
He knew what his fathers love life had consisted of, after a rather long night of Remus
explaining best he could to Airakus who had been around nine or ten at the time.
Evan had been forced to marry Airakus’ s mother , and they had agreed that they would have
one child, a son, to provide satisfaction to both of their families. Then they would have an
open marriage, no strings attached.  
Barty lived with them, Airakus remembered him from his dreams, more so from his toddler
years, before the man went to jail. He would visit Remus and him in W ales, he had fought for
custody of Airakus with the court but since he was not a godfather or legal guardian he had
been denied.  
Then he was shipped of f to Azkaban for torturing Nevilles parents into a state of constant
psychosis.
So sure, his father had been a latent homosexual who was in a committed relationship with
his other technical father Barty Crouch Jr , and his mother had been completely uninvolved
since his birth.
But he hadn't expected Bartemius Crouch Sr to want to speak with him about it.
“Yes, yes I remember you,” Airakus replied, the two standing awkwardly in the hallway
before Seamus came to Airakus’ s rescue, ushering him of f to breakfast.
Airakus stuf fed into the high stands with the other students, the sleeping dragon crawling
around the stone ridden ground, Airakus inspecting it with a grin spread across his face.  
He loved dragons, he thoughts they were interesting.
Cedric went first, he did alright, hurt his arm. The dragons alone were more entertaining than
whatever Krum and Fluer did, some easy charm to put the beast to sleep, a bore to the
audience. Draco and the other Slytherins were cheering for Krum, very loudly , they woke the
dragon up, Fred, Geor ge and Airakus almost died laughing.
Airakus was staring at the cannon, waiting for it to go of f, his heart racing. Ron was looking
at the tent nervously , Fred and Hermione talking about what strategies they expected Harry to
use when he saw the Horntail.
“I bet he'll turn right around and run away ," Fred chuckled while Hermione of fered facts
about the sleeping charm the others had used and comments about how they hadn't learnt it
yet in class.
That's when Harry emer ged from the tent, the dragon roaring fire at him almost immediately .
Airakus grabbed the rail nervously , nearly screaming every time the beast’ s fiery breath got
too close to the panicked Harry .
Harry summoned his broom, just like ‘Moody’ had told him too, he got the egg and returned
to the tent safely , the stand clearing. Airakus was still holding the bar nervously , slightly
relieved but his grip still firm as he shouted congratulations along with his other classmates.“HARR Y! YOU DID IT YOU T OSSER! I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING T O DIE!”
Airakus screeched over the loud music that was blaring through the charms record player . 
“YEA! I DID T OO MA TE, I DID T OO!" Harry shouted in response, both boys laughing.
Everyone was dancing around and congratulating Harry , the Gryf findor tower filled with
happy buzzing students for the first time that school year . By the end of the party mostly
everyone was gone other than Airakus, Harry and their friends.
The party in Gryfindor common room was filled with kids from other houses, not everyone
really liked Cedric all too much and after the potter stinks badges had been banned, everyone
was team Harry .
Geor ge, Hermione, Seamus and Harry were all sitting on a couch near the back of the room
chatting, Geor ge on one end, Hermione on the other while the four talked about Harry’ s
victory .
Airakus skipped over and sighed as he laid down on top of his four friends, his feet dangling
off the end of the sofa, his head in Hermione’ s lap.
“What are we talking about?” Airakus asked Hermione, Seamus and Harry who had all fallen
silent.
“What?” He asked as he sat up a bit, looking around when he saw what was so strange to his
friends.  
Malfoy , standing with Theo and Pansy in the middle of the room, staring at Airakus.  
“Why's he looking at us?” Seamus asked the others, everyone sharing confused glances and
shrugs.
Airakus made eye contact with Draco who stalked of f out of the room, avoiding his friends
who called out for him.
Airakus needed to go find him, but he had four suspicious Gryf findors all now talking about
why Draco Malfoy of all people awkwardly stared at them and then left.
“I've got to go to the loo, be back...” Airakus mumbled as he rolled of f of his friends and
rushed after Draco, out of Gryf findor T ower and down the hall.
He heard someone walking ahead of him, but he couldn't catch up with Malfoy no matter
how fast he tried to run. The firewhiskey he had been drinking wasn't helping to note.
He eventually came to the dead end hall around the corner from Gryf findor tower , the one
Malfoy clearly didn't know was a dead end given he had turned around, eyes wide with panic
as Airakus stood blocking his path once more.
“Draco, what's wrong?” Airakus asked, Draco scof fing in the most unconvincing way
possible.  
“What do you mean? Nothing's wrong?” the Slytherin scof fed in response, avoiding eye
contact.“You were staring at me...Hermione and everyone noticed mate, you're lucky I got out of
there before they asked anything else!” Airakus furrowed his brows, getting a bit pissed of f. 
It wasn't just Draco who got worried about people finding out, it was Airakus as well, so
when Draco pulled something like this....long story short, it made Airakus nervous.  
Nervous that Hermione or Seamus were around the corner listening to them talk.  
Nervous that his friends would leave him over whatever was happening with Malfoy .
“I didn't mean to stare, I'm sorry .” Draco shook of f the accusation, trying to avoid the
conversation, but Airakus wasn't letting him get of f easily .
“I don't care if you didn't mean to, you did and you ran away when I noticed, what's going on
Draco?” Airakus stepped forwards, Draco stepping back.  
Airakus paused.  
This was weird.  
He had that odd feeling again, only it was covered in anxiety and nerves as he stepped
forwards again, Draco staying that time.
“I..I..I dont know whats wrong with me.” Draco replied blankly , staring at the ground as
Airakus stepped forwards again.  
“Nothing's wrong with you Dra…” Airakus began with a chuckle, but Draco shook his head.
“No there is, I cant keep watching you be so happy around your friends knowing that this is
going to ruin that for you!” Draco began, his voice raised, gesturing between them when he
said ‘this’.
Airakus stopped walking towards Malfoy , furrowing his brows at the boy .
“Mate, what are you on about? I'm happy around you as well! More if even that! My friends
are important to me but your…we're ... .you are as well.” Airakus shook his head.  
They weren't friends.  
He had to keep reminding himself about that.
“I…I know that…or well…I guess I, still, just knowing that you could be with them and I'm
holding you back; right now even Jesus. I've just torn you away from the party just because
I'm upset.” Draco rambled as Airakus stepped forwards again, the boys now two feet apart as
Airakus stopped, finally catching Draco's eye.
“Draco, I came out here because I want to know that you're OK, because I care about you just
as much as I care about any of my friends. Because we are…you're ... you're just as much of
a part of my life as they are Blondie! I…I care about you, and I want you to be there. If our
situation was ideal, you'd be sitting on that couch with all of us, but you can't, and I
understand that.” Airakus reached out to grab Draco’ s hand, and this time, he didn't pull
away , or shove his hand in his pocket.
He let him.
Chapter End NotesAND IT BEGINS EVER YONE! AND. IT . BEGINS.  
Again THANKYOU SO MUCH nearly 40 people have read this, proabbly not the
whole thing but still its insane!Truth or dare?
Chapter Summary
Bad full moon followed by Airakus's first proper Halloween at Hogwarts!!!!  
Muggle games are of the devil.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The weeks in between the first task and Halloween were a bore.  
Everyone was buzzing about what the second task would be, given the champions had each
been given an egg to figure out (which Harry hadn't touched since the party).
Harry and Ron had also stopped ar guing, Ron having finally came to his senses. Now the
only thing wrong with Airakus’ s life was seemingly the fact that the full moon was in three
days. In short, he felt as if he were going to die.
Airakus woke up the Thursday before the full moon with a pounding headache and a stinging
sensation in his shoulder . 
He managed to get himself out of bed without waking up his mates (given it wasn't even 5 am
yet and the others slept like rocks) and leave the dorm without making so much as a sound.
Airakus arrived in the Hospital W ing and Madame Pomfrey sent him to his cot immediately .
“You've almost dislocated your shoulder on your own this week, go easier on it.” Poppy
shook her head as she healed Airakus’ s shoulder that had fallen out of its socket during the
night.
“I've barely even done anything with it Poppy , I swear ,” Airakus whined in response, Poppy
sighing . 
“Well unless you want more potions to take everyday , then I can't help you. Y our dads hip
was basically unhealable after a point and you might need to learn more healing charms..."
Poppy sighed with a shake of her head before she stood to go get a sleeping draught.  
“I don't need to, Dean knows them all." Airakus brushed her of f as she brought the potion
back.
“And will Mr .Thomas always be with you to fix your shoulder?” Madame Pomfrey replied
unconvinced as she returned, prepping the sleeping draught. Airakus glanced at her and then
turned to stare at the ceiling.
“Yes.” Airakus replied with a cheeky smile, Poppy rolling her eyes as she gave the boy his
potion, Airakus falling into a deep dreamless sleep soon after , his head still pounding.He slept for a few hours, the boy groaning as he was awoken by Seamus and Harry at his
bedside, ar guing with Madame Pomfrey as to why they shouldn't have to leave.
“Morning!” Airakus smiled to which Poppy sighed and marched of f, not bothering to try and
argue with Airakus.
“You TOSSER! Why didn't you wake us up?” Seamus furrowed his eyebrows angrily , sitting
on the edge of the cot. “Did you walk here by yourself? Madame Pomfrey said you got here
at like five!” Harry ranted as Seamus continued to glare at Airakus in disapproval. “Yea, I
always walk down here alone...” Airakus replied with a shrug, though he automatically
regretted it, knowing that Harry and Seamus would ask him why he never woke them up,
which would lead to an ar gument no doubt.
“Why didn't you wake us up mate!?” Harry asked, almost exactly what Airakus had predicted
he would say .
“Because, there's wasn't a point mate. It was early and it was only my shoulder , I clearly was
able to walk here.'' Airakus rolled his eyes as he played with the sleeve of his jumper . 
Harry and Seamus glanced at each other before Harry changed the subject, talking about
some funny thing Ron had said that morning as Seamus looked between his two friends
nervously .
Either Airakus slept all day due to the potion, or nobody else came to visit, because when the
boy woke up it was the next day , Halloween was that Friday , it was W ednesday aka the full
moon and Airakus felt like shit.
He had never wanted to be home more than he did that day . He had wished for the beaches of
Wales during the first few months of his first year at Hogwarts, he had wished for W ales
more and more over the past two months, ever since returning from his perfect summer .
Remus was in W ales, Sirius was in W ales, his true home was in W ales and the face of
Hogwarts, especially a Hogwarts in distress, was becoming less like home and more like
school for the first time in Airakus’ s life.  
It didn't help that Draco and him had to sneak around just to be friends either . 
It made Hogwarts feel even more like school, given that if he was home, him and Malfoy
wouldn't have to sneak around Seamus and Harry just to speak to one another .
Then again, Airakus thought he was being rather overdramatic about it all, and that Malfoy
couldn't care less.
“What are you so deep in thought about Mr .Rosier?” Poppy asked as she placed a tray of
breakfast sausages and toast on Airakus’ s bedside table.
‘6:30 am, that's when Poppy brings breakfast’ Airakus noted in his head, reminding himself
that his friends were probably at Breakfast or sleeping at the moment, so they shouldn't be
busting down the door worried about him...yet that is.
“Stuf f,” Airakus responded to Poppy shortly , still trying to snap out of his very deep thoughts
to focus on the witch in front of him.“What type of stuf f?” Poppy asked with a bit of a scof f, they tended to have light
conversations and Airakus nearly second guessed himself before he finally answered.
“Stuf f with my mates, it's not important.” Airakus shrugged, Poppy sighed.
“Well if you're worried, it's important. Y ou being upset makes the moons worse Airakus.”
Madame Pomfrey tutted as she mixed up a potion beside him.
He just stared at the end of his bed, before Poppy cleared her throat and raised her eyebrows,
telling Airakus to spill the beans already , the boy scof fing as he gave in.
“Just, I have this, well, friend. But I don't think he thinks we’re friends, or well, maybe he
does, but he won't say it, but neither will I because we shouldn't be friends, because our
friends all hate each other and my friends hate him and I don't want my mates to get pissed at
me for hanging around him or anything....” Airakus rambled, looking up at Madame Pomfrey
who merely nodded, telling him to go on.
“And I'm homesick.” Airakus added with a sigh, Poppy nodding as she sat down on the end
of his bed, Airakus sitting up to face her properly .
“Well the homesick part is inevitable when you live with such amazing parents that Mr .Lupin
and Mr .Black are,” Poppy smiled sweetly , Airakus rolling his eyes.  
Of course she knew that Sirius was with them, why wouldn't she, the woman was a psychic,
Airakus was sure of it.
“But for your , erm…not friend? Do you enjoy being around this person Mr .Rosier?” Madame
Pomfrey asked, Airakus nodding slowly .
“Yea” Airakus replied shortly . 
“Well then, that's that. Y ou enjoy spending time with that person, and as long as it's not
hurting you or the people around you, then that's just fine.'' Poppy handed Airakus another
dreamless sleep potion, which he took gratefully , not eager to be awake so early in the
morning.
Of course Poppy had known what to say . 
She always did.
When Airakus woke up again it was closer to nine. Classes were starting, so his friends
wouldn't be around until lunch, if they came at all.
“Nobody yet this morning, I was surprised that they weren't already here when I woke up!”
Madame Pomfrey chuckled, her laugh ceasing when she saw the look of disappointment and
almost fear that had come across Airakus’ s face at those words.
“They were here all night after lessons, I had to threaten Seamus with expulsion for
harassment before he let Fred drag him back to the common room,” Madame Pomfrey added,
her chuckle returning as she saw the look of utter relief that poured across Airakus’ s face.“That’ s Seamus for you,” Airakus sighed.  
“Was everyone here?” He asked hopefully , the thoughts that were distracting him leaving the
moment Poppy answered.
“Yes, everyone within a square mile radius. Harry ar gued with me for half an hour after you
fell asleep, finished with him screaming that he knew about why you were here to which I
rolled my eyes and said ‘so does Severus but do you see him anywhere?” Madame Pomfrey
laughed, Airakus joining her .
“Poppy , you are the most bad bitch in this entire school!” Airakus wheezed through his
laughter , to which Madame Pomfrey managed a ‘language’ before she had to calm down and
get back to work.
Madame Pomfrey was the only reason that the long stays in the hospital wing were
manageable while his friends were in class. Airakus wouldn't last without Poppy’ s amazing
sense of humor , he could now tell why Remus had spoken so fondly of her , as if she was his
mother .
Remus received gifts from Poppy on his birthday , every year since Airakus could remember .
She usually sent him books or photos she had, there was one specific framed photo in the
kitchen of Remus in a hospital bed with James and Lily to his left, Sirius in the chair holding
his hand, Peter sat on the floor in front of James and Lily , Mary sat on the arm of Sirius’ s
chair and Marlene, Dorcas and Regulus of f to the left side all rushing to get into the picture
that had been taken without any of their knowledge and Evan and Barty making faces and
putting bunny ears behind Remus’ s head as the pair stuck themselves behind the cot.
Remus had told Airakus that James and Lily got into an ar gument after that photo, Regulus
was very pleased to hear about this and spent the afternoon in the dorm room with the boys,
making sure James was alright.
Airakus laughed at those stories, of Sirius and Remus trying to hide the fact that they were
holding hands in basically ever photo where they are sat near each other , Dorcas and Marlene
off to the side so they could whisper to one another without Mary and Lily hearing, his father ,
or well, fathers, being there. Airakus loved those stories, and he found comfort in the fact that
Poppy Pomfrey had been there.
Airakus went back to sleep after eating the now cold breakfast that Madame Pomfrey had left
out, waking up around lunch to be entirely relieved.
Fred and Geor ge stood at the door ar guing with Madame Pomfrey whilst Seamus sat at
Airakus’ s side with Dean, Harry , Mione, Ron and Neville all surrounding his cot.
“What's going on Sea?” Airakus asked, Seamus rolled his eyes. “They have detention, the
one you lot all had for being out of bed past curfew last week, their trying to get out of it
since you don't have to go!” Dean laughed as he patted Airakus’ s right shoulder , the
uninjured one, lightly .Airakus chuckled as he heard Poppy faintly threaten Geor ge again. “I've already told you,
harassment is not tolerable Mr .Weasley , leave before Filch catches you two skipping
detention, again.” She sneered as she flicked her wand, slamming the doors shut. “What time
is it?” Airakus asked Poppy before she slammed the door of her chambers aggressively ,
clearly not interested in the sudden crowd that had formed around Airakus’ s bed.
“How are you feeling?” Hermione asked as she grabbed Airakus’ s hand comfortably . The
conversation went as it usually did around moons except they talked about the reason openly
given Dean and Neville now knew . Airakus didn't go back to sleep that day , Poppy took him
to the Whomping W illow at around seven thirty . Everyone was at dinner so nobody saw
them.
“Now , I'll come back to get you tomorrow so don't you be trying to come back alone after
you transform again,” Poppy smiled as she ruf fled Airakus’ s hair lovingly , Airakus sighed as
he sat on the ground, the thought of trying to sleep not even crossing his mind as he downed
his potions and prepared for the terrible transformation.
He felt his bones break and click back together , he felt his entire body being ripped apart, he
felt as his conscious slipped, leaving Puppers ripping at his own neck, violently . The next
morning when Madame Pomfrey came to get the boy , he was still bleeding, the entire right
side of his neck basicly torn to shreds, she aparated them back to the castle as quickly as
possible, and before Airakus even knew , she gave him another sleeping potion to keep him
down as she used every spell she knew to close the wound and heal the four ragged lines that
now went from behind Airakus’ s ear to his adams apple, running across his neck almost like
a half ring.
When Airakus woke up, the potion finally wearing of f, it was midday on Friday , Halloween.
He looked around him tired, when he suddenly came face to face with a certain Slytherin, he
couldn't even make the person out before they had engulfed him in the tightest hug he'd ever
experienced.
“Mr.Malfoy! Get of f or you'll reopen the wound!” Poppy yelled, Draco letting go
immediately .
“Morning,” Airakus smirked up at Draco who rolled his eyes.
“You nearly died! Y ou've been asleep for two days!” Draco scolded Airakus, his eyes red, as
if he had been crying?
“I didn't die! It's been worse, and look, the wounds already scarring over , you can barely
see!” Airakus grinned. Sure it was true, you couldn't really tell, it wasn't an open wound and
it was barely red anymore, but you could see it was there and his friends would certainly
notice the new marks.
“Wait! Did anybody see you come in?! Like Harry or Seamus?!” Airakus panicked, sitting
up, but Draco shook his head.
“No, half of them are in detention again, got in trouble for ar guing with Madame Pomfrey .
The others are at lunch I assume...” Draco explained, Airakus smiling as he nodded.“I should hurry and get back to the great hall before Pansy finds me, see you later tonight?”
Draco smiled as he tugged at Airakus’ s hair , leaving the hospital wing, the W erewolf boy
watching him go.
“So, is Mr . Malfoy this 'not friend' you mentioned?” Poppy asked, suddenly at his side.  
Airakus rolled his eyes as he closed his curtains around his bed, ignoring the ar gument
Madame Pomfrey threw his way .
He tried to go back to sleep, but instead settled for doing his homework that he had been
putting of f much to Madame Pomfrey's dismay .
“Morning” Airakus chuckled as he tried to sit up, the twins and Hermione entering the
Hospital W ing. 
Fred helped him as he slowly shifted, the pain in his shoulder , neck and legs unbearable, the
boy fighting the ur ge to rip his skin of f.
“It's almost dinner twat!” Seamus scof fed as entered the room, Harry and Ron trailing behind
him. 
“How are you feeling?” Ron asked. “Well that's a dumb arse question Ronald!" Fred
remarked in disbelief with a snide chuckle.
“Best I've ever felt Ron, 10/10, almost killed myself!” Airakus replied sarcastically as he
reached for the mirror on his bedside table, groaning as he realized how deep the jagged scar
looked, even if it was already healing. Draco had made it seem less bad than it really was.  
God he despised that twat sometimes.
“Glad you're alive mate!” Harry sighed as he hugged Airakus lightly , unlike Malfoy who had
nearly killed him, followed by Seamus, Hermione and Fred, the kids piling on top of him.
“Ok, at first it was alright, but now I can't breathe!” Airakus whined as he pushed the pile of
people of f of his still weak body .
“Sorry mate” Everyone mumbled as they climbed of f of Airakus and began chatting among
themselves.  
They had learned by now that if Airakus didn't tell you about something, that it was better not
to ask, and that talking at his bedside was better than leaving him alone.
During the first few moons where Harry and Ron knew about Airakus's lycanthropy , they
would ask a million questions each time; as if Airakus remembered most moons. By the time
he got fed up and threatened to murder them, they would be of fended, and hurt that Airakus
was frustrated with them for caring about him. He was glad it wasn't like that anymore.
“Wait, it's Halloween!” Airakus exclaimed as he shot up, sitting up straight, a smile plastered
on his face.
“Erm, yea?” Ron began confused, Airakus rolled his eyes. “He's never had a Hogwarts
Halloween dip shit, last Halloween was a full moon!” Seamus scof fed as he hit Ron with an
extra pillow that was sat at the end of Airakus’ s bed.There was a massive feast that night and a party in Gryf findor T ower , that must have been
what Draco had meant by ‘see you later tonight’ Airakus assumed.
“You cannot go to dinner , you almost died, Airakus!” Hermione and Poppy ar gued with the
boy who had already sent his things back to the dorm rooms with Seamus and Ron; Harry ,
Fred and Geor ge waiting for him of f to the side while he ar gued with the girls.
“I'm feeling alright, I have pain relief and dreamless sleep potions, I won't go anywhere alone
and I'll go to bed right after dinner I swear Poppy please!” Airakus begged the woman who
he had been ar guing with for the past twenty minutes.
“Just like your bloody father you are!" Poppy mumbled as she wrote Airakus his note,
explaining his injury and accommodations that he was supposed to give to the new head boy
whom he had yet to meet.
Airakus jumped out of bed, rolling his neck around to prove that the strong relief potion
Poppy had given him was in fact working and that he couldn't feel a thing.
He dashed out of the Hospital wing, Harry and Hermione ahead of him as they walked
towards dinner , hungry , Fred and Geor ge to either side of him, suspiciously glancing around.
“So, party?” Airakus asked once the twins were sure there were no prefects or Professors
eavesdropping.
“Party!" Geor ge grinned. "8 o'clock in the common room, no snitches allowed!” Fred
chuckled under his breath, Geor ge nodding.  
“Got the Firewhiskey I left under Neville's bed?” Airakus asked Geor ge who nodded again.
“Why Nevilles bed anyways?” Fred pondered as they turned the corner that led to the stairs.
“Because if the prefects do a room check they never look under Nevilles shit,” Airakus
began, Fred and Geor ge furrowing their eyebrows. "Its Neville mate, really?" Airakus scof fed
sarcastically to which Fred and Geor ge began laughing. “Got music? Did you tell everyone?”
Airakus asked anxiously as they grew closer to the great hall. “We handled it, Lee handled it
really , and Seamus, he really wanted to help given you weren't there” Fred sighed, Airakus
nodding.
The three arrived at the great hall before Airakus could nitpick anything else the twins had
done concerning the party .
The feast was the best dinner Airakus had ever had.  
He ate half the table of food and nearly bit Ron's fingers of f twice.
8 o’clock rolled around and Gryfindor held its best Halloween party yet.
Mostly because Airakus was involved in the planning.  
There was music, drinks, games and best of all, the other houses had been invited, no idiots
showing up other than a few that came with their friends.Airakus was leaning against the table with the record player him being in char ge of the round
of music currently going, as Remus was in his day of parties.
That's when he saw Draco. He was in the mix of people, nobody paying much mind to him
given he had been relatively quiet recently , not causing too many problems around the school
and such.
Airakus went to cross the room, to go find a way to talk to Draco, when Seamus grabbed him
and pulled him towards the stairs. "Now?" Airakus asked, Seamus nodding as the two rushed
up towards the girls bedrooms.
Airakus plucked a firewhiskey from Fred's hands before sitting on the floor leaning against
the couch, his back to Harry . 
Seamus followed behind him and sat on the floor in front of Dean and Hermione, them facing
their friends.
“Where'd you go?” Harry asked Airakus and Seamus who started giggling at that question.
“Don't ask” Airakus stuttered through his laughter . Everyone continued to bother them,
asking them what was so funny . Dean was grinning so he clearly knew , but everyone else was
clueless.
“WHO THE HELL DRENCHED THE DORMIT ORY?” Lavender Brown screeched as she
ran down the stairs, her clothes and hair soaking wet.
Airakus, Seamus and Dean broke out into uncontrollable fits of laughter , their other friends
and soon enough the entire party breaking out into giggles and wheezes as Parvarti and
Hermione rushed back upstairs to find their Dormitory completely dry . 
Hermione stormed back over to Airakus, grabbing him by the ear . “What did you do?” She
seethed as she held his ear , tugging on it as Airakus clenched his eyes shut in pain.
“I don't know Mione, you're the smart one!” Airakus replied sarcastically as he grinned to
Seamus. “tada” he muttered as Hermione went upstairs to most likely remove the charm from
her Dormitory so that the indeed very drunk Lavender Brown could go to sleep.
Most of the kids from the other houses went back to their dorm around midnight, one in the
morning.
The younger Gryfindors followed in suit just before the other Gryfindors who were sober
enough to cast the counter charm to the water spell, that Airakus and Seamus had set on all
the dorms, and go to bed.
Around 3 am it was just Seamus, Luna, Harry , Ron, Ginny , Fred and Geor ge, Lee, T racey ,
Hannah, Pansy , Draco, Theo, Cedric, a few Beauxbatons, two Durmstrangs and five or six
other students too drunk to make it back to their dorms left in the common room.
The sober -ish group sat on the couch in front of the fireplace again, just as they had been
before.ACDC was playing quietly in the background as they all sat in a somewhat circle, chatting
and making fun of the kids who came running downstairs drenched in water .
“I taught you that charm!” Fred boasted proudly to Airakus and Seamus who were explaining
to everyone what charms they had used.  
“Yea and I taught it to you last year!” Lee sighed as he stood, helping Hannah up as well.  
“We're going upstairs, see you guys tomorrow!” Lee grinned as he and Hannah walked up the
stairs to the fifth year boys dormitory . 
Fred and Geor ge glanced at each other before chuckling. “Welp, guess we’re sleeping down
here then,” Fred sighed.
“Fancy a game of truth or dare then lads?” Airakus stood, ushering the others left over to the
fireplace.  
Everyone either cheered or groaned, Airakus ignoring the look that Draco gave him as
everyone sat down in the circle.
“Rules, rules, rules, rules. W e are playing muggle truth or dare, no magic, no hex’ s,” Airkuas
grinned, the Gryfindors cheering, a few Slytherins groaning.  
Crabbe stood to leave, grabbing Knott as they headed towards the door .
“Leave if you wish my slithery friends but you will be on my shitlist if you back out now!”
Airakus grinned as Theo and Crabbe sat back down begrudgingly , Draco and Pansy messing
them around as the boys began to speak again.
“We’ll take turns asking who we want, but you can't ask the same person twice in a row .”
Airakus nodded as he looked to Seamus.
“Neville, truth or dare?” Seamus began for them, Neville going beat red as everyone turned
to him.  
“Um…erm..truth?” Neville mumbled in response, Seamus grinning.
“Who in this room would you snog if you had to?” Seamus grinned, Dean shaking his head
as Seamus, to which the boys scof fed in response, sitting up on his knees as he awaited
Neville’ s answer .
“L..Luna I suppose!" Neville cleared his throat, both of them going beat red as Draco and
Airakus glanced at each other , Airakus shrugging given he already knew that Neville fancied
her.
Neville asked Fred something, Fred asked Geor ge a dare that Geor ge refused to do, Geor ge
asked Pansy a truth, then Pansy asked Hannah Abbott who in the room she had ever fancied.
Airakus groaned internally as Harry and Seamus simultaneously patted either one of his
shoulders.
“Fred, Harry , Theo, Dean and Airakus." Hannah sighed deeply as she sipped whatever drink
she was having, avoiding eye contact with all five of the boys.“You fancied Harry?” Airakus grinned as he sat up straighter , punching Harry in the arm.  
“Erm…yeah, why aren't you more concerned that I fancied you?” Hannah chuckled.
“Oh that much was obvious, even Malfoy knew that!” Airakus scof fed. 
He wasn't sure if it was the firewhiskey , even though he again had barely had any at all.
He wasn't sure if he had slipped up.  
But he had said it.
“Did he now?” Hannah turned to Draco, raising an eyebrow .
“Yea, it was kinda obvious.” Draco replied in a mutter as he picked at his palm.
“Alright then, Draco, truth or dare?” Hannah asked.  
It was a trap.
Airakus knew how the muggle game worked.  
This game was designed to cause ar guments, get people together , and find out people's
secrets.  
‘Say dare, say dare!’ Airakus recited in his head, but he couldn't get Draco’ s attention without
everyone else noticing.
“Truth I suppose,” Draco replied shortly , ignoring Pansy who was looking between him and
Airakus nervously , Airakus furrowing his brows at the girl who quickly looked away .
“Who do you fancy?” Hannah asked.  
Now that was an odd one, but it settled Airakus down, because he thought that Hannah was
going to ask about how Draco knew that she liked Airakus and why he cared, but she didn't
and Airakus would forever be grateful for it, because Draco couldn't lie for shit.
“Nobody .” Draco mumbled, scof fing slightly , his ears going red.  
‘His ears only go red when he's embarrassed’ Airakus thought, but of course he was the only
one who knew that who was sitting in this circle.  
Maybe Pansy and Theo did.  
But he did too, and he was the only one who seemed to notice it.
Draco was lying.  
He fancied someone.
“You're blushing, you totally do!” Seamus dug in, in normal Seamus fashion, Draco’ s eyes
meeting Airakus’ s for a split second, giving Airakus that odd feeling again, but he pushed it
away .
“No. I don't. And this game is ridiculous!” Draco scowled as he stood, Theo and Pansy
following him out as he stormed into the hall.
"Moody" Seamus scof fed, scrunching his nose at the closing portrait hole. "Anyways, Potter ,
truth or dare!?" Seamus continued, giving Airakus an odd glance as the boy watched the
portrait hole, his shoulders tense.Chapter End Notes
truth or dare is usualy a trap, and thats why I love it.
Seamus takes pride in the fact that he knows the art of truth or dare, and can successfully
get anyone to share a secret within minutes if all rules aply ;0.
Also Draco's got a seeecrrrrreeeeeeeeeeettttttttttttt, and we all know Airakus NEEDS the
tea.A Dance?
Chapter Summary
Yule ball and some girl drama.  
This oughtaa be fun.  
Akis.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day Fred and Geor ge had to drag Airakus out of bed and down to breakfast, the both
of them aware that if Airakus missed a meal, that nobody else would be eating lunch. A
hungry wolf is a hungry wolf, but a hungry , hungover wolf right after the full moon having
not eaten breakfast is the reason their labelled dark creatures.
“Harryyy ,” Airakus whined as they walked down the hallway towards the great hall. Fred and
Geor ge had left them behind to go bully Lee for apparently ‘making out’ with Hannah
Abbott, before she came back downstairs for the game of truth or dare the night before.
Ron laughed as Harry sighed. “What now Airy?” Harry asked with a chuckle, a sarcastic
smile plastered on his face.  
“My legs! I'm in pain! I've barely recovered from the gash in my neck and you're making me
walk? Carry me the rest of the way to the great hall would ya toots?” Airakus bugged, Harry
laughed with Ron.
“You'd crush me mate, I'm not even 5’7 and you're nearly what? 6’2?!” Harry chuckled,
Airakus groaned. “Why can't I be small and pathetic like you Hazza?” Airakus grinned as he
scooped up Harry bridal style, spinning him around as Harry groaned, Ron rushing after them
in a fit of laughter .
They fell a few steps later , sure Harry was short but Airakus was not able to carry 120 pounds
of Harry Potter anywhere for long right after the moon.
“Having fun lads?” Malfoy seethed as he stood in front of Harry , Airakus and Ron who were
laughing their arses of f on the ground.
“Yea? How about you Malfoy , oh wait! Y ou don't have friends to have fun with, my bad
mate!” Ron grinned as he looked around dramatically , checking for Draco's entourage who
were nowhere to be seen.
“Your hilarious W easley .” Malfoy sneered as he glanced at Airakus, Airy pushing down the
laughter that tried to bubble up. “Alright mates lets go, I'm hungry .” Airakus sighed as he
stood, helping Ron up, Harry looking nervously between Airakus and Draco, mumbling‘don't hit him, don't hit him’ over and over again while Ron stood mumbling ‘do it, do it’ at
the same time.  
They ate breakfast and Airakus rushed of f with Seamus to grab their books from the dorm,
needing to talk before studying with Hermione.
“Angelina and Fred totally fancy each other!” Seamus grinned as Airakus dug around for his
books.  
True, last night during the game, Angie and Fred had kissed, and sure, Fred had admitted
later that night that he fancied the girl, but Seamus and Airakus weren't always ones to
assume.
“Yea, even if Angie doesn't fancy him back she definitely liked that kiss!” Airakus teased,
Seamus chuckling.
The two flopped onto Seamus’ s bed, Airakus rolling his eyes as Seamus ranted on about
Dean once more. The game of truth or dare hadn't really helped Seamus’ s case, and as
Airakus was about to reassure him that Dean 100 percent fancied him back, the door opened
quite suddenly . Airakus rushed out of Seamus’ s bunk to be face to face with none other than
Dean Thomas.  
Great!
“Hey Dean, what's up?” Airakus asked as Seamus sat in his bunk, pale.
Dean had been hanging out with Airakus and him as per usual, he would just get weird when
he caught them alone, especially if Airakus was crawling out of his bed when they thought
nobody was in the dorm.
“Why were you in Seas bed? Is he in here?” Dean asked glancing around Airakus, pushing
past the boy .
“Erm, yea, we were chatting?" Airakus responded, Dean looked almost nervous.
“With the curtains drawn?” Dean added in a mumble slowly , gesturing to the bed where
Seamus was sitting, clearly , the curtains in fact drawn.
“Neville was in here earlier , didn't want him eavesdropping!” Seamus lied as he pulled the
curtains back, staring at Dean for a minute too long before looking back to Airakus.  
“I'm going to go find Harry , Ron and Mione, coming?” Airakus asked Dean and Seamus who
both looked at each other as if asking the other for an answer .
“I'll catch up, give me a minute,” Dean said as he tossed his books onto his bunk, Seamus
nodding.
“I'll wait for Dean, meet you in the library ....” He added, giving Airakus the look that said ‘go
away now’. Airakus took the hint and grabbed his homework, leaving the two alone, most
likely for the ar gument that was about to take place.
The next few days were perfect.  
Everyone was in a relatively better mood, the party after the bad moon washing the horridthings Airakus was thinking away for a few days.  
Draco and Airakus had ended up cleaning Flitwick's classroom after a rather nasty charm
went wrong, so they got to hang out for a bit, just joking around.  
But all good things must come to an end.
Reeta Skeeter came back to Hogwarts to interview the students, champions, staf f and friends
of the champions. Harry was standing in a room with Fluer , Krum and Cedric, when
Hermione, Ron, Airakus, Cedric's friends, Krums friends and Fluers friends all entered,
looking slightly confused.
Airakus looking right pissed of f. 
“We are interviewing the champions' friends and family now , keep taking pictures, why don't
you?” Rita snapped at her cameraman who nodded sorely and continued to snap photos of the
champions.
“So Mrs. Hermione Granger is it?” Reeta asked Hermione, the two sat in a room with a few
chairs and a lar ge window .
“Yes” Hermione responded, having made Airakus and Ron swear to do their best not to let
anything of f, not to crack, not to let the nasty woman get to them.
“Your friends with Mr .Potter correct? Anything more there?” Rita asked, her quill dancing
across the page after Hermione hesitated slightly .
“No, we are friends, me, Airakus, Ron and Harry , since third year ,” Hermione replied, sure of
herself, hoping that she had changed the subject to something better , her friends. Boy was she
wrong.
“So, were you, Mr .Weasley and Mr .Potter not close before this Airakus boy began attending
school here?” Rita asked, Hermione shook her head no.
“We were friends before, in first and second year , but Airakus is just as close with us as we
are with each other .” Hermione nodded, dismissing Rita’ s question.
“And what is Airakus’ s last name hun, for the prophet?” Rita asked, flashing Hermione a
toothy grin that sent shivers down the young witches back. “Rosier , but he's Professor Lupin's
son.” Hermione replied, trying to remain discreet, failing miserably , Rita let her go at that.
Ron was itching the back of his neck uncomfortably , Rita smiling at him, that toothy grin that
made her look worse than the troll they had fought in first year .
“So Mr .Weasley! How are you today?” Rita asked, clearly taking a sweater approach with
Ron than she had with Hermione.  
“Alright, yourself?” Ron asked awkwardly , he didn't like talking to adults, it made him
nervous.  
“Alright!” Rita smiled, “Now , down to business. How are you feeling about Mr .Potter
entering the tournament? Concerned?” Rita asked, Ron stuttering out an answer as the quill
wrote rapidly .“Erm, yea, concerned. I love Harry to death, he's a part of my family , just like all my friends
are. He didn't enter himself, but they said he had to compete. I was a bit thrown of f at first,
but after the first task I realised how brave Harry was, and I came around.” Ron smiled,
Hermione had told him to say that if she asked, word for word.
Rita got bored of Ron’ s wholesomeness rather quickly , and sent him away .
“I'll take the last of Mr .Potters friends now thank you!” Rita shouted out the door , Hermione
and Ron pushing Airakus into the room, the tall boy hesitant in sitting down, his hatred for
the nasty woman who had been writing horrid things about Harry , Sirius, Hermione and
Remus for months, growing at the mere sight of her
“Nice to meet you Mr…erm” Rita gestured for Airakus to tell her .
“Rosier'' He replied shortly , yanking his hand away from the woman's tight grip. “Mr.Rosier ,
you must be the son of erm Remus Lupin am I correct?” She asked. Airakus sighed, this
would be a long conversation.
“Yes," He replied, Rita raised an eyebrow . 
“You are adopted though? Y ou're from a few famous Pureblood lines, yes?” Rita grinned,
Airakus nodded.
“How did you end up in Remus Lupin's care?” Rita asked, the quill scribbling like there was
no tomorrow . “Family ties'' Airakus responded, keeping it short given as Hermione had put it
'you ramble, and if you ramble she will dissect it and if you snap at her , AGGRESSIVE SON
OF WEREWOLF , will be the headliner for the prophet on monday'.  
“Next question I suppose!” Rita said after Airakus refused to give anymore information about
his family , remaining silent. Airakus nodded, peering at the door longing to return to his
dorm, almost the end of November , he wanted chocolate, badly .
“So, how long have you known Mr .Potter?” Rita asked, Airakus sighing. “Two years, but we
are family friends, known of him since I was a baby , truly met him last September though.”
Airakus explained shortly again, not wanting to explain things to this nasty woman.
“Ah, I see,” Rita sneered, clearly unhappy with the information.  
“Are you two close?” She pried.  
“Yes, very , like siblings.” Airakus responded shortly again.  
“Aren't you two related?” Rita asked.  
“Not biologically , or well, we can't find automatic ties but all pureblood families are related
to some sort I suppose.” Airakus chuckled slightly , suppressing the ur ge to lash out at her
which had grown. She didn't care about Harry , she cared about his family of death eaters, she
just wanted a story after all.
“Anywho, How is your guardian Mr .Lupin? Since the revolution of his condition last year?”
Rita asked, giving Airakus a sarcastic smile that almost split her face into two. She looked
wicked, truly wicked, nothing like she did in old photographs Remus had snarled at.
“He's fine, we've been spending time with family , especially after the events at the world
cup.” Airakus nodded, Rita nodding as well.“Well, anybody special in your life Mr .Rosier? Any ladies?” Rita asked. “No Mrs.Skeeter , no
ladies,” Airakus hissed as he stood.  
“Are we done here?” He asked, and before Rita could even nod, Airakus was out of the room
and back in the corridor with Hermione and Ron.
The post came that Monday , the full moon that W ednesday . Airakus was sitting at the
breakfast table, Ron, Harry , Hermione and their other Gryfindor friends surrounding them
when the owls came.
The post, a few letters for Harry and Airakus, the normal, that was until Airakus spotted a
large black owl. He recognized that owl, it was Sirius’ s new owl that he had bought over the
summer , the one that bit. “SHIT! I for got that I wrote Remus, it's been a month or so!?”
Airakus muttered as the owl dropped a letter into Airakus’ s hands. With his friends watching,
Airakus ripped the letter open.
Dear Puppers,
Remus here, sorry if this doesn't get to you until later in the month, I probably for got to send
it out. Padfoot has been using the owl everyday basically , it's been gone for a week or so, we
think it died...
Anyways, If you are worried about Alastor , then talk to him, just go to his of fice after dinner ,
he'll be there.
I doubt it's anything serious, he hasn't seen you in nearly four years Airy , he might honestly
not recognize you, hell, I don't even think I told him you started school!?
I hope that Harry and Ron have resolved their ar gument.  
You lot are like magnets, just like we were in school. I'm sure everything will be alright soon
enough!  
Me and Padfoot are doing good. I heard from Harry a few days ago and he was worried about
the first task…
(Future Remus here, yea, good trick with Accio)
If you're worried about Harry then please, write to me, but let Harry know that Hedwig's
gotta stay here until I finish writing my letter because this new owl is a bloody menace, it
bites! Sirius said it bit Harry!?
Anyways, I sent you a parcel with some things inside, my old ones so nothing special, but
they'll work for what's in store! I was meaning to ask you about Christmas, can you talk to
Ron about going to the W easleys with new dog Padfoot Jr? T onks can't come anymore,
they've going to Garions and I don't want to cook a whole meal for just the three of us. W e
can spend the Easter holidays together though! Maybe Harry can come? Maybe Seamus and
his Mum?
Anyways, I hope this reaches you as soon as possible, Love you Airakus.
Love, Remus 
Airakus was happy to be hearing from Remus, but he remembered briefly the overwhelming
amount of thoughts and fears he was facing about his father , Evan, and the suppressed
worries about Moody . He wanted to tell Remus, he needed to tell Remus.
For now he would remain joyful that he had written to him, or at least try to, given that joy
left immediately after he read what Rita had written in the Prophet.
“Mr.Potter is friends with the normal sort, smart, kind boy and girl, Hermione Granger and
Ronald W easley . They were sweet and the norm. His other closest friend, Airakus Rosier , son
of world famous death eater Evan Rosier . Adopted son of ex Hogwarts professor Remus
Lupin. Mr .Lupin was removed from his position as Defence Against The Dark Arts teacher
last year due to his L ycanthropy . Mr.Rosier had some interesting things to say , and well, I
believe that young Mr .Potter is quite literally befriended the beastly type....”
Airakus threw the paper to the table and stood, violently angry . If it were a cartoon, smoke
would be coming out his ears.
Airakus was fuming the rest of the day . 
“I didn't even say anything, I barely opened my damn mouth Mione!” Airakus complained to
Hermione while they were sitting in the Library , Airakus eating chocolate watching
Hermione study while complaining.
“I know , you saw what she wrote about me and Harry just because we hugged, it's barbarak!”
Hermione scof fed. “You still can't shrink her though!" Ron added with a chuckle as he sat in-
between them, Harry joining them soon after .
Airakus lasted all week until the full moon, waking up with barely a scratch on him. He was
back on his feet by Thursday afternoon, which was good, given they had dance lessons that
Friday before lunch....
Remus had sent dress robes, because there was an event taking place before Christmas break,
a ball, the Y ule Ball. Airakus was not excited to say the least. He could sense the castle on the
verge of collapse during the weeks before the dance, he could feel not only the excitement,
but the dreadful fear .
“They travel in packs, how are you supposed to get one on their own to ask them?” Harry
whispered to Airakus and Ron as the boys walked through the courtyard, Harry staring at
Cho very openly .
“I dunno mate, if Airakus cant get a date then we're properly screwed!” Ron sighed.  
“It's been two days since the announcement, I'm sure you two will have hundreds of f girls
asking you soon enough!” Airakus rolled his eyes, Ron scof fed. “You're the one who's getting
a pile of girls mate! I mean look at you!” Ron complained as he sighed, as if Airakus’ s
existence was unfair . 
“Thanks mate, but honestly , if there aren't any blokes in the pile I'll pass,” Airakus teased
with a laugh when Harry elbowed him jokingly .“Haha, very funny , back to my point.” Ron responded with an eye roll, Airakus too rolling
his eyes as Ron began ranting about how Airakus, Harry and him needed dates soon.
Later that very day , three Beauxbaton girls came up to Airakus, Harry and Ron while they
were eating with the rest of their friends.
“Bonjour! W e came to ask if Airakus would go to the ball with any one of us?” The girl in
the middle asked, the boys mouths hanging open. “Any…any one…..” Ron choked on his
food looking in between the three pretty blonde girls in shock.
Airakus looked at them, they were pretty girls, but his definition of a pretty person didn't
always include uninteresting girls wearing skinny jeans and a t-shirt. Messy buns were not
really Airakus’ s favorite look...but blondes, he sighed, blondes he didn't mind.
“Can you do a backflip?” Airakus inquired with a raised eyebrow , Dean choked on his
pumpkin juice, everyone else either freezing, whipping their heads to face Airakus or rushing
to shut him up. Seamus was laughing as was Ginny , Fred and Geor ge trying not to breathe,
afraid that they would laugh as well.
“Yes, why?” The girl on the left asked, that broke everyone, they all began laughing, Airakus
as well.
“Sorry , not interested, but Harry and Ron here are very single and very ready to mingle!”
Airakus added as he strung his arms around Harry and Ron's shoulders, wiggling his
eyebrows as the girl scof fed and turned, her friends following her .
Airakus burst out laughing with Harry , Ron sighing. “That's four to Airakus, one for Dean,
one to Nev , six for Fred, four to Geor ge and two for Ginny in the past two days!” Seamus
said as he marked tallies down on a notepad he was carrying around with him.
“SIX?!” Harry and Ron shouted at Fred, who sighed,
“Yes, but sadly , my heart belongs to another ." Fred scof fed. 
“Four for you, thing two! Who?” Ron asked as he elbowed Geor ge. 
“Alisson W riteback, filth year Ravenclaw , Mor gan in Huf flepuf f, a seventh year Slytherin
girl and this girl named Lola from Huf flepuf f as well, but she's like a first year so obviously
not,” Geor ge listed with a sigh. “And you said no to everyone!?” Ron asked, baf fled as he
and Harry stared at Geor ge, along with everyone else at the table other than Hermione, Ginny
and Seamus, mouths gaping.
“Wait Nev?!” Hermione asked Neville who was sitting with Ginny . “Yea, Ginny and I are
going together ...” Neville smiled, Ron, Fred and Geor ge nearly fainted, Airakus and Harry
following them as they groaned and complained in dramatic despair .
Airakus had planned to head to the DADA classroom that day given their afternoon classes
were cancelled.
However halfway down the corridor he had seen Hermione and panicked, making her go with
him.“Where are we going?” Hermione asked as they made their way towards the classroom.  
“Dart Arts Classroom,'' Airakus replied, Hermione froze. “Airakus.." She sighed. "I don't
fancy you. I mean you're cute and all, like really ...but I don't….”
“No shit Mione, I've got to talk to Moody! I want you to use Harry's Invisibility cloak to
witness the conversation, I'm not taking you there for a snog!” Airakus snickered at
Hermione as they continued walking.
“Erm…sorry , why?” Hermione asked as she took the cloak that Airakus had stashed away
under his robes.  
“Because, that is not Alastor Moody and I'm going to prove it to you.” Airakus responded as
they entered the class and walked up the stairs to the of fice, a confused Hermione trailing
behind him.
“Mr.Rosier? T o what do I owe the pleasure?” ‘Moody’ asked as Airakus stood in the
doorway , Hermione slipping inside to watch, still confused.
“How are you Alastor? Remus says you haven't written and what with everything going on, I
thought you'd have rang him the minute Harry was chosen! He's worried about you for getting
to take your medication again? For getting who I am?” Airakus asked, staring at a suddenly
sweating Moody , who took a swig from his hip flask.
“I'm sorry , you're my student, Remus’ s son? I know that Mr .Rosier , what are you talking
about?” ‘Moody’ choked out.
“No Alastor , Im basically your nephew , we held my birthdays at your house since I was 3
years old, you guarded every full moon since I was 5, you bought me a birthday present and
christmas present every year , there's framed photos of you in my house Mad Eye, or are you
really Mad Eye at all?” Airakus sneered, staring straight into Moody's eye, it wasn't him,
Airakus knew .
He knew polyjuice potion when he smelt it, the wolf senses had picked it up the first night,
but like Dumbledore had said the year prior , the words of a fourteen year old wizard,
mattered so little in the grand scheme of things.
“Mr.Rosier , I dunno what you're on about, but I'm sorry , I don't know what you're talking
about." Moody sneered in response, very childishly which made Airakus uncomfortable.
“Why Mr .Rosier all the sudden? It was always Puppers before, Evan when you were mad or
off your meds!? What's changed there?” Airakus seethed.
‘Moody’ stumbled backwards into his chair . “Evan, Airakus, Airakus Gatsby Rosier?”
‘Moody’ asked, seemingly scared, Airakus nodding sharply .
“No shit uncle Mad eye!” Airakus seethed.  
‘Moody’ mumbled something under his breath, his movements shaky as he dug through his
desk drawers anxiously .He looked up and met Airakus's eyes. "Get out." Moody snarled, Airakus sucking in a breath
as he saw the mans tongue flick out the corner of his mouth like a lizard. "GET OUT NOW!”
The man yelled and Airakus did as he was told for the first time that year , Hermione
following him as the now angry tall boy slammed the door shut. Hermione glanced back at
the door , she looked shocked, in distress, horror ridden.... She didn't know what had
happened, and she needed a better explanation right now .
The two walked back to the dorm in silence, before Hermione got fed up and finally asked.
“What in Merlin just happened?” She snapped with an exasperated sigh, turning to face the
tall boy who was stomping down the corridor angrily beside her . “I just proved my point to
someone else! Moody's been at Remus’ s side since I was a kid, he stopped coming round
after I turned 10...” Airakus shivered at the mere mention of his tenth birthday , looking down
the corridor before turning back to Hermione. “That wasn't him, the way he panicked when
he heard me say ‘Rosier ’, which was one of the most powerful pureblood families before the
war? That isn't Alastor 'I'm afraid of no man' Moody .” Airakus ranted, flailing his hands in
the air dramatically , Hermione watching the boy's bright green eyes track every inch of her
face for a flicker of disbelief.
Hermione nodded, the two returning to the dorm. Airakus had taken the pictures from his
nightstand and had begun showing Hermione. Moody and him on birthdays, Moody and him
at the beach, Alastors presents, Alstors house, Alastor . Hermione nodded to each one as if she
was mid figuring out a riddle. “I smelt it Mione, Polyjuice potion, it's all over him I swear!”
Airakus exclaimed with a groan, Hermione scof fed. “Polyjuice potion barely has any sent to
someone who isn't inexperienced potions master Airakus.'' Hermione explained, trying to
reason with the boy who isn't budging. “Werewolf nose Mione, W erewolf nose.” Airakus
snapped back as he put the pictures away back on his nightstand, sighing as he glanced at the
picture of Sirius and him, the one he had been so worried about Harry seeing last year .
“Right” Hermione said, her eyes lighting up as the riddle was solved in her mind. “Airy
we've got to tell Dumbledore now!” Hermione exclaimed, suddenly rather distressed as she
stood quickly , prepared to dash to the headmasters of fice. “No Mione, Remus said to wait, we
sent some more letters since the last one and well, he's worried too, Alastor hasn't written but
he is old. If he's not really Moody , we've just got to make sure we are always with Harry
around him! If Dumbeldore knew he wouldn't have hired him, and if Dumbeldore doesn't
know himself, then he won't believe us!” Airakus retaliated with a sigh and Hermione shook
her head. “He believed us last year! About Sirius!” Hermione tried to reason, taking Airakus's
hand comfortingly as the boy clearly grew agitated. “No Hermione, he knew that we were
right, with this, he wouldn't put Harry in deliberate danger and if he hired Moody , he
probably had no clue. Y ou wonder why he was late for the opening feast? What if he was
being taken, impersonated!?” Airakus ranted, Hermione nodding slowly as she clearly
understood, the two in a silent agreement.
“Write Remus, don't mention this to anyone else, and when the time is right, we talk about it
again.” Hermione nodded, the girl letting go of the tall boy's hand as she stood and left the
room as if everything were fine. Airakus lying back down exhausted, trying to remember
where he had seen that tongue flick before.
 As the Y ule Ball grew closer , the amount of crying girls grew by a factor of at least 15. At the
same time, the amount of people asking Airakus out also grew . Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones,
a few more Beauxbaton girls, Millicent Bulstrode, Lola (the same first year who had asked
Geor ge) and a few other girls from the other schools had asked him, he had kindly said no to
most, not so kindly to Hannah.
Airakus was walking down a deserted corridor , on his way to meet Malfoy , when a girl,
around Airakus’ s age, 13/14, walked over to him, stopping in front of Airakus. She didn't go
to Hogwarts, but she was dressed in casual clothes given it was a Saturday so he didn't know
what school she was from until she spoke.
French.
“Hello, my name is Aimsley , I've seen you around and was wondering if you'd like to go to
the Y ule Ball with me? My friends all have dates and I haven't heard anyone going with you,
so would you? W e honestly don't have to dance, just so I can tell my friends were going
together so they kindly fuck of f?” Aimsley chuckled a bit red, Airakus thought about it, it
would be funny to go with someone just to fuck with her friends, he liked fucking with
people.
Hermione had a secret date, Dean was going with Hannah which Seamus was enraged about,
Fred was going with Angelina and it would be hilarious to have a date before Harry and Ron.
That's when Airakus saw Draco standing a few feet away , walking towards them curiously , a
smirk on his face.
“Sorry , I..I can't, but Malfoy over here hasn't got a date yet! Have you Draco?” Airakus
grinned as Aimsley turned around to see Draco, paused in his step.
“Fancy going with me, pretty boy?” Aimsley grinned, Draco pausing as he looked at Airakus
who was grinning ear to ear , nodding to the short girl.
“Eugh….erm…sure!” Draco spat out. Aimsley skipped away happily , Malfoy completely
confused and now angry with himself.
“Good on you mate! She was really pretty!” Airakus sighed, Malfoy was fuming. “Really
then? Why didn't you say yes if Aimsley Rightback was really pretty to you Airakus?” Draco
asked snappily , Airakus wrinkling his nose up confused. “I'm going with Seamus” Airakus
replied as if that was common knowledge by now .
Draco’ s eyebrows shot up. “You and Seamus are…are?” he stuttered, Airakus laughed.  
“NO no! Not like that! W e're, I'm not, we are, we're going as friends given neither of us
can...take who we really want to take...” Airakus mumbled the last part as he and Draco
walked back down the corridor towards the old classroom they hungout in.
“I really don't want to go to this stupid ball, now more than before.” Draco groaned after
about an hour of the two of them fucking around in the empty room.“Well why? She seemed nice, she didn't even like either of us, she just wanted a date.”
Airakus sighed as Draco groaned.
“I just was avoiding Pansy because she wanted me to go with her and I said no, now she
thinks I fancy someone else and now with Aimsley , she'll kill me Akis!” Draco mumbled.
“Akis?” Airakus’ s eyes lit up as he smirked cheekily .
“Shit sorry , that's stupid, oh merlin that's horrid!” Draco scrunched up his nose as he buried
his face in his arms.
“I like it, Akiiiiiiiiiisss” Airakus grinned, the subject clearly changed as Airakus continued to
taunt Draco, the teasing dulling the faint painful feeling in his chest each time he pictures
Malfoy dancing with that girl.
Chapter End Notes
the nickname is adorable idc if it makes zero sense.  
Also when i said slowburn i meant slowburn guys, yule ball will not be the
discovery ...but theres some fruityness bare with meeeee.The Yule Ball
Chapter Summary
The Y ule Ball.  
Some jealousy?  
Deamus our beloved.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus and Seamus stood at the punch table, drinking the bland juice, bored out of their
minds.
Seamus had left the great hall 6 times now to cry , the seventh soon to happen given Dean and
some girl were dancing around like they were newlyweds on their honeymoon.
“I just can't even right now! He talks to me everyday , does not leave my side and then goes to
this dumb ball with some girl!” Seamus moaned as he wailed his eyes out silently in a corner
of the corridor , Airakus sat beside him.
“I'm going to the bathroom,” Seamus scof fed in distress after he had finished crying. “Want
me to come?” Airakus asked, making sure that Seamus wasn't going to pull an Oliver and try
to drown himself.
Seamus shook his head no before disappearing around a corner towards the boys lavatory .
Airakus strolled back into the great hall, this time spotting Harry , Ron and Padma sat at an
empty table, everyone else out slow dancing.
“Having fun here I see!” Airakus teased as he sat down beside Harry . 
“Haha, very funny Airy .” Ron scof fed as he ‘subtly’ glared at V iktor and Hermione for the
millionth time that evening. Harry did laugh a little, “Just cheery we are! Where did Seamus
go? I thought you two were being hopeless bachelors together?” Harry chuckled as he
noticed that Seamus wasnt with Airakus anymore.
“He’ s in the bathroom,” Airakus sighed as he took a cookie from the table and began to
munch on it, bored.
“Well, I'm of f to drink some punch given I just watched Lee spike it, bye!” Padma interjected
blandly as she walked towards the punch where Lee Jordan was in fact dumping a small flask
of liquid into the punch bowl.
“Where's Parvati?” Airakus asked after he had finished his cookie, Harry rolled his eyes.“Didn't want to go with her anyways, she was being a prat this entire time, some boy came
and scooped her . Thankful I am! I'd rather have come with the ferret over her!” Harry
groaned as he ranted about how Parvati had called him every insult in the book when he
refused to dance with her .
“Bet you would rather come with Ginny ,'' Airakus mumbled as Harry and Ron began
discussing the girls that they had failed to entertain the entire evening.
“I mean, she wasn't even the one I wanted to come with...” Harry sighed, Airakus chuckled.
“So none of us came with the people we wanted to then?” Airakus asked, Harry nodding and
Ron scof fing.
“I'd rather die than ask the person I wanted to come with.” Ron sighed, Harry chuckling,
Airakus nodded.
Airakus, Harry and Ron were talking about Cho and Harry’ s wretched girl problems, when a
new slow song began playing, the couples pairing of f to dance, everyone was moving around
on the dance floor , the boys conversation coming to a quick end as they got swept up by their
respective distractions. That's when Airakus saw him.
Draco and Aimsley were dancing with each other , she was laughing at something he had said,
he was smiling, or at least that's what it looked like from how far back they were.
Airakus felt sick, he stood and walked slowly to the punch table, Seamus had returned and
had a glass in his hand, Airakus took it right out of Seamus’ s hand and downed it.
“Saw someone?” Seamus asked, Airakus nodded as he poured another glass of the now not
so bland punch.
“Who?” Seamus asked, and Airakus gave up.
“Draco Malfoy .” Airakus replied, scooping another cupful from the punch bowl and downing
it as well. Seamus nodded.
“Called it.” He nodded, then suddenly Seamus got teary eyed. “Saw Dean?” Airakus asked
snarkily , Seamus nodding, and the two sat against the wall with cups in hand, watching Draco
and Dean prance around with their dates while they drowned their sorrows in cheaply spiked
punch.
The night continued on and slowly most of the boring people cleared out, Seamus and
Airakus were both a few drinks worth in and were hoping for something entertaining to
happen soon.
Seamus saw Dean laughing and smiling, leading to more crying.  
Airakus chased after him towards the bathroom when he ran into a certain Slytherin in the
hallway just outside the boys' lavatory where Seamus had just entered.
“He seems upset,” Draco noted, Airakus staring at him from five feet away . 
“Yea, the person he fancies is dancing with their date, got him all weepy .” Airakus chuckled,still staring, as Draco and him both stood in some sort of stand of f, neither of them wanting to
move first.
“How's Aimsley?'' Airakus asked snidely , passive aggressively at best.  
“Wouldn't know .” Draco replied shortly . 
“Why not? Saw you two dancing?” Airakus asked with a scof f. 
“Not like I wanted to. T old her no, she dragged me onto the floor , and when I tried to leave to
go find you she flipped on me, told me to stop being a faggot and just dance.” Draco
chuckled.  
Airakus could tell he had been crying.  
He could also tell that Draco was avoiding eye contact.
“I'm sorry Draco...” Airakus sighed as he walked closer to Malfoy , the boy staying still as he
stared at the ground.  
Airakus reached out, he was going to hug him, but at that moment Seamus walked out of the
bathroom.
“Airy…?” Seamus began, but all he saw was Airakus’ s hand on Draco’ s neck, the boys
looking at each other oddly .
Draco ran so fast, Airakus thought he had apparated. Seamus looked at Airakus raising an
eyebrow , but Airakus shook his head as they walked back towards the great hall silently . He
was too drunk to care.
It was nearly one in the morning when Hermione basically carried Harry , Airakus and
Seamus upstairs, Ginny and Neville helping Ron of f somewhere sulking after Hermione had
yelled at him.
Harry and Airakus landed themselves on the floor in between their beds, Seamus passed out
in his own.  
They were talking, the twins joking around and telling Harry and Airakus about how Fred
and Angie kissed.  
Airakus’ s mind was foggy as he realised that going to find Draco was of f the table for the
night.  
That's when Dean entered the room.
“DEAN!” Seamus screeched as he launched of f his bed and straight into Dean, hugging him
happily . 
Airakus sprung to his feet and ripped Seamus of f, walking him back to his bed, Seamus was
clearly still not sober .
“Oi, let him sit with us Airy!” Dean ar gued confused and slightly annoyed, he was also rather
tipsy .
“Yea let me sit with Dean dad!” drunken Seamus groaned as he toppled onto his bed, Airakus
patting his head.
“You're going to say something that sober Seamus will be very , very mad about in the
morning if you do!” Airakus sighed, everyone was listening to their conversation.“Well it's his fault for going to the dance with that stupid girl, should have gone with me, I
almost asked him Airy I swear I did, like you told me too, but he was with Hannaaahhhh....”
Seamus rambled as he silently fell backwards onto his bed.
“What?” Ron asked, confused.  
“Was that about me and Hannah?” Dean asked, Airakus froze, what the hell was he supposed
to say to that?!
“Probably to be honest, he was staring at you two all night." Ron sighed, Airakus almost
squealed out loud.
“Oi, come of f it Ron, Seamus probably just fancies Hannah, besides, your the one who was
staring at Hermione!" Airakus chuckled, and Ron took the hint, growing three shades redder
as he mumbled something that was inaudible if you were a W erewolf.
The boys all began talking about Hermione and Ron, how Ron was jealous of Hermione and
Viktor, but he continued to deny it.
Airakus was watching Seamus the entire time, making sure he didn't get back up out of bed,
but he wasn't paying attention to the conversation.
Eventually everyone left or went to bed, Harry , Airakus and Ron were sitting on their beds
getting ready to go to sleep when Harry tossed Airakus some chocolate, like he did almost
every night.
“Harry , you've got to stop giving him chocolate!” Ron seethed, Harry sighed.
“Why?” Airakus interjected sadly .
“Mione says it's bad for you, cause of the wolf thing, canines are deathly aller gic to
chocolate!” Harry rolled his eyes as he and Airakus both ate their chocolate squares not
paying any mind to Ron.
“Yea, if chocolates are going to kill me then I've been dead longer than Sir Nicholas!”
Airakus chuckled as he cast the silencing charm, not closing his curtains this time given it
was more comforting recently to have them open. Ever since Halloween, knowing that Harry
and everyone else were in the room hadn't stopped the nightmares, but it had made the
aftermath more calming.  
So his curtains remained open as Airakus fell back onto his pillow , chocolate wrappers
collected on his nightstand, worries of Seamus followed by thoughts of Draco lulling him
into a deep sleep. That was before the nightmares flooded in.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, this is kinda queer ngl.  
Like bro just came out the bathroom and saw his best friend looking like he was about tosnog DRACO? LIke bro, Seamus is our king but even hed be so bewildered like
broooooooo.  
My babies need joyyyyy .Christmas 1994/95
Chapter Summary
aftermath of the yule ball, start of Christmas.  
Some drama with the lads, a full moon at Hoggys with Seamus and a conversatiaon
about Malfoy .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The aftermath of the Y ule Ball would have been the most entertaining thing Airakus had ever
witnessed. People were finding out about dances and kisses and cheating boyfriends and girls
dancing with everyone and liars and backstabbers all because of the drama at the dumb
dance.
It would have been funnier if Draco had not been avoiding Airakus like the plague.  
He was probably waiting for Airakus to tell him that he had sworn Seamus to secrecy before
approaching the other boy , but it still made that odd feeling feel odder . 
Pansy had stared at Airakus in the middle of Charms class, Airakus looking back at her
sympathetically . 
Clearly Draco had told her what had happened.
Airakus, Geor ge and Seamus were hanging out with Harry and Ron while everyone else was
off with their new boyfriends and girlfriends.
“This is all so stupid, Miones disappeared with Krum and now its down to 5 single ones!”
Ron groaned as Harry and Seamus picked at the food on their plates, not even bothering to
ask for seconds given Airakus had already eaten everything.
“Hey Airakus!'' someone said from behind him and Harry . He whipped his head around as
fast as humanly possible.  
Aimsley was standing with a few of her friends. He scowled. "What do you want?” Airakus
seethed, Aimsley looked suddenly worried.
“I was just wondering if you've seen Draco? I wanted to apologize about what happened, and
ask him something, but he hasn't been at meals all weekend?” Aimsley began, Airakus
freezing.
“Why the fuck would I know where the git is? Ask Parkinson, or Knot or something he's in
his dorm!" Airakus defended himself, waving his hand at the girl wide eyed as she stalked of f
confused.“What was that about mate?” Ron asked, Airakus shrugging, ignoring the look Seamus was
giving him.
“Nothing, she asked me out and I saw Malfoy , threw her at him, apparently he left her during
the slow dance to go find someone else....'' Airakus sighed, Seamus kicking him under the
table before he nodded towards the door .
“Sorry lads, better go study for Potions!" Airakus nodded as Seamus grabbed his books as
well, chasing Airakus towards the library .
“What happened with you and Malfoy?” Seamus asked, his eyebrows furrowed.  
“He left her to come looking for me and we ran into each other outside the bathroom when
you cried for the 9th time.....I went to hug him when you saw us, it clearly freaked him out,”
Airakus groaned as Seamus hit him in the arm gleefully .
“Wait, did he hex you? Hit you?” Seamus asked, suddenly looking rather concerned.
“No Sea, we've hugged before, Seamus we’re, we, we meet up sometimes!” Airakus groaned
rather loudly , making some first years run of f.
“AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME!?” Seamus screeched and raised his eyebrows, Airakus
looking rather guiltily at the ground.
“No I didn't, because nobody was supposed to know!?” Airakus defended himself.
“If you've been snogging Malfoy you should have told me!” Seamus groaned as he shoved
Airakus.  
“Snogging what? No Seamus, we've been meeting up to hangout! I don't fancy him!” Airakus
replied.
“Airakus Gatsby Rosier you queer disaster!” Seamus replied as he dragged him towards the
dorm.
The moon was in 4 days, they were of f school and everyone would be leaving tomorrow . 
For now , Airakus was far too angry with the Christmas circumstance.
“This sucks, I don't want to leave tomorrow!” Ron groaned some more as they walked around
the school, Airakus and Seamus running around and casting jinxes and charms on every
object they found fit.
“Why?” Dean asked. “Airakus has to stay until after the moon, meaning the 25th at the
earliest and Ron and I are being forced to go home instead of staying!” Harry sighed as he
elbowed Ron.  
“But it'll be alright, besides with Seamus staying here with him....” Harry began.
“WHA T?!” Airakus exclaimed, dropping his wand.
“Yea, did he not say anything? He asked Mcgonagall and his Mum, and Remus, he's staying
with you until the 25th, then you're both coming to the burrow ....” Harry explained as if itwere common knowledge. Airakus dragged Seamus ahead, to get out of earshot from the
others.
“You didn't tell me that?!” Airakus said angrily , he didn't like surprises, not one bit,
especially unfunny surprises that now meant that Seamus was seeing him at his worst.
“That's because I knew you'd say no genius, so I didn't tell you!” Seamus smiled, Airakus
frowned.  
“Cmon, now we get the entire castle to ourselves for three days, Airy! W e can plan the
biggest prank ever!” Seamus grinned. “Besides, I don't want to listen to Harry mope about
Cho without you there.” Seamus scof fed, AIrakus laughing at last.
“Have a good few days without me, don't miss me too much!” Airakus mocked as Harry and
Ron clung to him.  
“I love how we won't see him until January , but no, you two get the hugs.” Dean rolled his
eyes, him and Neville standing beside the trio awkwardly .
“Yes guys, let me get a hug goodbye!” Fred complained, Geor ge rolling his eyes and scof fing
as he tore his twin of f of Airy , Hugging Airakus goodbye. Airakus waved goodbye as they
boarded the train, Neville mumbling a goodbye to which Airakus grabbed him into a childish
breath hug, Neville nodding of f into the train, Airakus turning to see Dean and Seamus still
standing together , Deans head in Seamus's neck, Seamus's ears dark red.
“Well, just us then? Basically four days until the moon, what do you wanna do?” Seamus
asked Airakus with a playful nudge as the two began walking back to the castle, Airakus
deciding not to ask him about Dean, paying for attention to the few students left rushing back
to the castle for lunch.
“I have a few ideas,'' Airakus grinned, Seamus rolling his eyes.  
“And you not telling me why?” He asked Airakus with a laugh.  
Airakus shook his head no as they continued their walk to the castle.
There were barely any students there, a few ravenclaws and huf flepuf fs younger than the
boys, two seventh year Slytherins and a Gryfindor first year . “Well, this is such a lar ge group
of people Seamus!” Aikraus nodded, his lips pursed sarcastically as he looked around. “Yes,
yes, agreed!” Seamus mocked as he too looked around sarcastically , the two bursting out into
laughter .
They ended up on the floor of their dormitory that night in a pillow fort, Nevilles pink
blanket strung as a roof for their fort.
“Are we going to talk about Malfoy or not?” Seamus cut in after Airakus had avoided talking
about the boy for the third time that day .
“Sea, there's nothing to talk about. W e aren't even friends, he's just scared that his fathers
going to find out...” Airakus sighed as Seamus looked at him in disbelief.
"If you're not friends than what does his dad have to find out about?" Seamus raise an
eyebrow , Airakus disregarding his question with a scof f.“Are you sure you don't fancy him Airakus?” Seamus asked again, making Airakus grow
more and more angry within the minutes.  
“No Sea, I'm not sure about anything. I do know and I'd rather do this my way if you don't
mind mate!” Ariakus scof fed as Seamus nodded, backing of f.
It felt weird to admit whatever he had just admitted.  
They went to bed soon after .
The days continued the same, Airakus hearing all about Seamus and Dean, how they were
sort of fine again but how it was still awkward after the ball.  
Airakus also thought about Malfoy more than he should.  
He thought he might actually miss Draco.  
It was stupid.  
He didn't fancy Malfoy .
“Pain Potions are bullshit” Airakus groaned to Madame Pomfrey as she cleaned a fresh cut
on his arm, the new scar running from his wrist to halfway up his arm!  
“Well, if you'd stop fighting the ef fects of the potions with your damn genetics, then maybe it
would work!” Madame Pomfrey sighed as she finished clearing the cut and healing it with
spells.
Seamus burst through the door soon after , throwing chocolate at Airakus as if he had just won
a show and they were tossing money on him.
Airakus and Seamus spent the afternoon together before Madame Pomfrey came back. “Well,
other than the new scar , you two are good to go home this afternoon!” Poppy smiled at
Airakus and Seamus.
“Great, want me to go pack then?” Airakus asked Poppy and Seamus. Seamus smiled. “I
already packed your stuf f, it's in the hall, we can leave right now if you want to” “Yes
please!” Airakus sighed, relieved and glad to be going home, or well, closer to home
anyways.  
The boys said goodbye to Poppy , the woman handing Airakus a box before they took the floo
back to the W easleys.
“AIRAKUS, SEAMUS!” The mass of gingers screeched when they saw the fireplace spit out
two boys.
“Hey!” Airakus sighed as the two finally were let go for a breath of fresh air . 
“Airakus hunny , how have you been?” Molly asked as she hugged Airakus tightly . 
"Great, great, nice to see you Mrs.W easley!” Airakus smiled as Molly ruf fled his hair . 
“Are Bill and Charlie coming?” Airakus asked Molly when he realized that the older two
Weasleys were not there. “Their coming Christmas eve, Percy and Dad are at work” Ron
explained to Airakus as Molly began hugging Seamus and complaining that his hair wasn't
pushed. “How was the castle?” Harry asked while Airakus unpacked, glad to be staying at the
Weasleys for the full two weeks this year instead of just a few days due to the moon.  
Seamus was sleeping on the top bunk of Airakus’ s bed which had been spelled into a bunk
bed over the school year .“It was good, we just hung around and fucked with the professors,” Airakus explained with a
chuckle, Harry looked at him and then at his polaroids that were sat on the bed.  
"Can I look?” Harry asked, Airakus nodded as Harry took the photos and began flipping
through the new ones.
Airakus was putting his clothes in a drawer when Harry came across a photo of Dean and
Seamus sat together in the library that Airakus had taken, he stopped and looked at Airakus.
“Did they know you took this?” Harry asked, showing Airakus the picture he was on.  
“No, they were sitting there doing homework, why?” Airakus asked slowly , Harry looking
back at the page slightly confused.  
“They look like their flirting!" Harry chuckled. “Its Dean and Seamus mate, they probably
were flirting” Airakus sighed, Harry laughed, but the confusion was still visible in his voice
as he put the picture back on the bed and began helping Airakus unpack.
“BOYS DINNER!” Molly shouted around an hour later , Harry , Airakus and Ron who had
joined them a few minutes later all bolted down the stairs, hungry as a pack of wolves.
Airakus took a seat in his usual seat in between Harry and Hermione, Seamus sitting across
from him in between the twins whom he had spent the afternoon with.
“Where's Percy?” Fred asked as Arthur sat down.  
“He’ s meeting with a friend,” Arthur answered quietly , almost too quiet.  
“Oliver again?” Molly asked, Arthur nodded. “That's every night for the past month now!?
You'd think he'd come to see the boys!” Molly scof fed as she placed the bowl of potatoes on
the table, taking her seat. Airakus filled his plate and ate slowly as he listened to the
conversation that was happening between Mr and Mrs W easley .
Percy had been going to Oliver's flat every night after work for the past few months, since
before the world cup. He hadn't been coming home for dinner but was refusing
Mrs.W easley's invitation for Oliver to stay with them for Christmas.
“Well, maybe he just misses Oliver , they lived together for 10 months every year since they
were eleven Mom...” Fred reasoned. “You expect Harry , Ron and Airakus to stop seeing each
other after Hogwarts?” Ginny added, Molly scof fed. “Obviously not, but well, you must
know that Olivers, whatever , if he doesn't want to spend time with the family , then by all
means he doesn't have to!" Molly finished, everyone finished their dinner in basically silence.
Airakus was sitting on the floor of Ron's room, Seamus on Airakus's bed, flipping through an
old muggle magazine. Fred, Geor ge, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were all also stuf fed in the
room given Molly was stalking around the house yelling at everyone for zero reason.
Harry opened the door , slipping inside and sitting beside Seamus, his hair a mess, his eyes
wide.
“What was that about?” Harry asked as he escaped Molly who had been torturing him with
questions about school and such, Hermione and Airakus exchanging a glance of confusion.
“Well, Oliver and Percy almost moved in together after the thing before the world cup when
Percy left, and when Mum got mad at Percy about it Percy kind of broke down at her , Mumwont let him move out until hes 20, he's still 18, so he's just been staying at Olivers 24
seven....” Ron explained with a sigh, Fred, Geor ge and Ginny all visibly cringing.
“Oh, are him and Oliver , like ... .you know ....'' Hermione began to ask, when Fred nodded.
“We don't know for sure, but they wrote each other over the summer basically all summer
since Percy’ s third year , they were always close, but closer than friends should be, they knew
everything about each other but wouldn't be seen near each other outside of their dorm or
wherever , they were never partners in class or anything...." Fred mumbled. "Oliver came for
Christmas a few times, they were clearly not only friends....me and Fred well....its a long
story .” Geor ge added as everyone looked at the twins interested.
“But we don't know for sure, and Mums not too happy about it.” Ginny finished of f, Fred and
Ron closed their eyes in preparation.
“She's not mad that he might be gay Gin, she's mad that he's barely been around for months,
if she had just accepted Oliver just like she did with Harry when we were all little none of
this would be happening. Percy's also a stuck up piece of shit sometimes, he's probably not
accepting their of fers given he's stubborn! If you told mum that you and Harry were in deep
undesirable love with each other I bet she'd be overjoyed!” Geor ge ranted angrily , Airakus
staring at him shocked, Hermione and Harry sharing his expression and a quick glance.
“Airakus deary , Your dads here!” Molly smiled. Airakus shot of f the floor and nearly tripped
over Ron but Hermione caught him as she also stood, Harry dashing of f after Airakus and
Hermione as the three bolted down the staircase, Fred, Ron, Geor ge, Seamus and Ginny
following.
“REMUS!” Airakus shouted as he engulfed the man into a hug, letting go to look around the
room for a certain dog.
Harry hugged Remus next, followed by Seamus. Airakus saw Padfoot outside.  
“Why's Pads outside?” he asked with a lar ge frown. “Don't want the dog in the house mom?
Come on, let him inside!" Ron scof fed as he opened the door , Padfoot tackling Airakus and
licking his face excitedly .
Padfoot barked as Airakus laughed, Remus eventually coming outside to drag the big black
dog of f of Airakus who was giggling madly .
“Do you really have to bring the dog Remus?” Molly sighed after she kissed Remus’ s cheek
in welcome.
“Can't leave him at home without me, god knows what he would get up to!” Remus chuckled,
winking at Harry , Ron, Hermione and Airakus who had all taken a seat in the living room,
Padfoot sitting on Airakus’ s lap while Harry and Hermione pet the dog excitedly , Ron sitting
looking at Padfoot from afar , clearly still scared of the animal that had nearly torn his leg of f
the year prior .
“How was the moon Puppers?” Remus asked after mostly everyone had gone upstairs other
than Pads, Remus, Airakus, Harry , Seamus and the twins.“It was alright, but I got a massive slash on my arm,” Airakus sighed as he rolled up his
sleeve and presented the new scar , Fred gasped, Harry was staring, mouth wide open, Padfoot
had stopped wagging his tail and Molly who had been washing dishes nearly dropped the
plate she was holding.
“Ah, same!” Remus chuckled as he showed Airakus the nearly identical scar that he had
gotten from the prior moon, only his was on the other arm.  
Airakus and Remus laughed as they talked about school and such, everyone else around still
shocked at the amount of scars on both the boys arms.
“You and the dog can sleep in Charlie's room, he'll share with Bill." Arthur smiled as he
patted Remus’ s shoulder as Airakus and the twins helped the man carry his trunk upstairs,
Airakus picking up the extra bag quickly before anyone could ask questions.
They walked up the stairs, all the way to the top where the eldest boy , Charlie's room was,
Fred and Geor ge placing down the bags, Airakus tossing the trunk onto the unmade bed.  
“I'll meet you downstairs,” Airakus nodded to Fred and Geor ge who bid him farewell and left
the room, closing the door behind them.
Remus locked the door as Sirius transformed back into his human form, hugging Airakus
immediately .
“Do you think they know it's me?” Sirius chuckled. “The three of them definitely do, I doubt
anyone else will other than Bill and Charlie,” Remus sighed as he squeezed Sirius’ s arm
before sitting down on the bed and unpacking.
“How's school been?” Sirius asked Airakus as they all stood anxious that someone would
walk in. “I've been writing Remus, have you not read the letters?” Airakus asked sadly ,
looking to Remus for some sort of explanation.
“I have Pup, I just want to hear about it, you get it from your dad, the ur ge to tell me
everything!” Sirius chuckled, Airakus unsure of who Sirius meant when he said the dreaded
word.  
Airakus divided into stories of his year so far , telling Sirius all about the tournament and his
classes.
“How was the ball?” Remus asked as he and Sirius gossiped with Airakus as if they were 16
again, in their dorm with Marline and Mary talking about James and Lily like they were
children.
“It was fine” Airakus replied shortly , Sirius was about to ask another question when Remus
interrupted.  
“What happened Airy?” Remus asked seriously , Airakus sighed.  
“Nothing, me and Seamus drank the entire punch bowl in utter depression though!” Airakus
rolled his eyes with a scof f as he looked at the floor . Sirius chuckled, Remus looked at Sirius
implying for him to shut the fuck up or else he would laugh as well.  
“Why , what happened?” Sirius asked, taking the hint from Remus to be a responsible parent.“Well, me and Seamus went together as friends because Dean got a date so we couldn't all go
together ....” Airakus sighed, “it was fine though. After the ball he hung out with us in the
dorms so Seamus was fine, Harry , Ron and Neville too,” Airakus smiled as he remembered
that night, it was really all fixed just by them all sitting on the floor together for half an hour . 
He intentionally left out the fact that Draco hadn't spoken to him since the ball, because
Seamus had seen them together , something both of them were ungodly scared about.
Sirius smiled at Remus, who shook his head again.
“Why didn't you ask anybody?” Remus asked Airakus with a chuckle, Airakus shrugged.
“Dunno, don't like anyone. I just wanted to go with Harry and Seamus and everyone, have
fun you know?” Airakus sighed.
“Me and your dad used to sit at the back of the great hall during dances, given the love of our
lives were out there dancing with the girls, even if it was in a friendly way it still hurt,”
Remus sighed. Airakus nodded. “Let me guess, sad over Sirius and Barty?” Airakus
chuckled, Remus nodding with a snicker as Sirius burst out laughing.
Airakus left their room and went up to Ron's around ten, the boys were already asleep,
pathetic.  
Seamus was snoring so Airakus threw on a silencing spell as he jumped into his bed and
begged the gods that he wouldn't have a nightmare here, not here, please not here, not now .
Not with Sirius and Remus just down the stairs. Now with christmas shining brightly , just out
of reach.
Chapter End Notes
Airakus Gatsby Rosier you queer disaster  
this should now be Seamus's line.  
Like bro I love him sm, im fanboying over the character im writing...  
Percy ...Christmas 1994/95 pt2
Chapter Summary
Christmas at the W easleys, or well, the days before Christmas.  
Sledding, underage magic, Draco, Quibblers and Percy W easley .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
{A man, blonde hair , deep green eyes, holding a baby . Crying, thunder outside, a flash of
green light. The babies still crying, in a dif ferent mans arms, this man is crying as well,
sobbing louder even than the young child. Alastor stands in the doorway , two other men
beside him, they're here to tell him what's happened, they're here to tell Barty that Evan is
dead....}br />  
Airakus woke up with a loud gasp, there were dried tears on his cheeks and it was still night,
the middle of the night to be precise.  
“Hullo?” Ron mumbled, clearly the gasp had woken him up.  
Airakus froze, holding his breath.  
Ron groaned and fell back asleep, Airakus letting out a sigh of relief as he crawled out of
bed, taking a glance towards Seamus and Harry who were both sleeping before he krept
down the stairs.  
He passed the twins door cautiously before rushing towards kitchen, grabbing a glass of
water and chugging it, last christmas he had done the same thing, and Bill and Charlie had
shown up.
“They're not even here.” Airakus sighed in a whisper to himself, shaking his head.
“Who's not even here?” Bill asked from the living room. “Oh no bloody way!” Airakus
grinned as he hugged Bill ladishly . "When did you get here?” Airakus snickered as Bill let
him go.
“A few hours ago, Charlie's only a few minutes out, I was waiting up for him given I heard
we're sharing a room?” Bill chuckled as he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair .
“You need a haircut Airy ...” Bill laughed at the shaggy mess that Airakus referred to as his
hair for the past few months.
“How's work? Egypt right?” Airakus asked as he and Bill sat on the couch, water glass in
hand.
“It's alright, but I miss it here in England, not enough rain out there!" Bill joked. “No shit
William, you only moved to the desert!” Airakus sighed as he tossed a throw pillow at Bill.“How's school been you cretin?” Bill responded sarcastically to which Airakus gasped.  
“Its been fine, other than the tournament, and the ball, and Mad eye fucking Moody , and
everything else horrible like class and no quidditch and Snape. So yea, Seamus and Harry are
good I suppose.” Airakus sighed as he ranted, Bill forwarding slightly as he nodded along.  
“Sucks the tournament, and everything with Harry I read about, the prophet sure loved you!”
Bill chuckled in reference to the article that Rite Skeeter had written.
“Not as much as they loved Mione, she wants to brutally murder that woman and I'm not
opposed to the idea myself” Airakus sighed. “Hows Malfoy?” Bill asked suddenly , his face
covered in seriousness.
“He's fine,” Airakus replied, staring at his feet.  
He knew Bill was asking if Draco had been bothering him again, like he had at the world cup.
That's of course not what Airakus had thought of at first, shaking his head.
“What? Why is your nose red? Are you flustered Airakus Gatsby Rosier?!” Bill asked,
raising his voice with a grin as Airakus shot him an enraged glance that shut him up.
They talked for a while longer , before Charlie arrived. They had the same conversation, and
then they all went back to bed, given the two W easleys were tired from their travelling and it
was nearly three in the morning by now .
Airakus woke up the next morning to Hermione shaking him and Harry awake. “Molly said
that its nearly brunch so get up your arses up!” Hermione said sternly , hitting Seamus with a
pillow as she ran her hand over Rons forehead, waking him softly . “Molly didn't say arse”
Harry sighed. “The arse was implied, it's always implied Harry , its Molly ." Airakus and
Hermione sighed almost simultaneously as the boys got out of bed and went downstairs with
Hermione.
“Morning tossers” Ron said before Molly hit him with the dish rag with a scof f.
“BILL! CHARLIE!” Harry screeched as he engulfed the older W easley's into a hug.  
“Airakus! They're herre!” Harry said excitedly . 
“I know mate, saw them this morning!” Airakus laughed as he sat down in between Seamus
and Remus. "A we, you must be Seamus! Great to meet you Im Bill!" Bill grinned as he stuck
his hand out, shaking Seamus's firmly as he and Charlie sat across from them. "Y ..yea
pleasure!" Seamus replied, nodding to Charlie who he had met once before, flustered.
Airakus kicked him under the table, the boys reaching down, Airakus in a fit of giggles over
Seamus's obvious crush as they began petting Padfoot. "Oi, stop ducking under the table!"
Remus mumbled, Airakus and Seamus sitting up, Airakus flicking the side of Remus’ s head
who flicked him back jokingly .
“Stop acting like a child Remus” Molly sighed as she continued washing dishes, Charlie
helping her . 
“I'm in my mid thirties and I grew up with Sirius and James Molly , I am a child!” Remus
nodded as he put an orange slice into his mouth, smiling with it to Airakus who rolled his
eyes with a laugh.“Wait, when were you awake this morning?” Harry asked, confused as he sat across from
Airakus, in between Hermione and Ron.
“Had a nightmare, needed a glass of water .” Airakus shrugged as he began cutting his
breakfast sausages.
“Morning Ginny!” Remus said as Ginny entered the room, Airakus didn't know if he had
meant that as a warning to Airakus or not, but it sure was one because he and Geor ge
automatically stopped talking, both turning to Ginny who was still in her pyjamas, but her
hair was brushed perfectly .
“Morning Remus, Bill, Charlie, Harry .” Ginny smiled sweetly as she sat down next to
Hermione.
“Oh, where's Percy?” Charlie asked as he sat realized his younger brother was still missing.
“He'll be here later ,” Arthur replied with a smile.  
“He better .” Molly shook her head as she mumbled under her breath, nobody hearing her
other than Remus and Airakus who glanced at one another , Airakus giving him an 'I'll tell
you later' look that Remus nodded back at.  
“Oh, but where is he?” Charlie persisted, furrowed brows now shared with Bill and Remus.
“He's with Oliver!" Ron provided cheerfully , Charlie nodding as he began eating, not
thinking anything of it.
Everyone ate their breakfast in a loud fit of side conversation and childish laughter from the
left end of the table where Airakus, Seamus, Remus, Bill and Charlie were sitting. Halfway
through breakfast Ginny rushed back upstairs to shower first, while Arthur bid a joyful
farewell to his house full of people as he left for work.  
“They really still make him work Christmas eve?” Charlie asked Molly as he sipped his
coffee. 
“Always have, seemingly always will!" Molly sighed as she finally sat down.
“What are you kids going to get up to today?” Molly asked the table full of children.
“Homework, so much homework,” Ron moaned.  
“I've convinced him to finish it all before it's actually Christmas!” Hermione chuckled as she
dragged Ron upstairs.
“What about you two?” Molly asked Bill and Charlie. “Sleeping, didn't get here till three
Mum!" Bill smiled as he kissed Molly’ s cheek, Charlie copying the action as the boys dashed
upstairs.
“We could go sledding or something?” Harry asked the twins, Seamus and Airakus who all
nodded excitedly . “We can go to that hill about halfway to town....” Fred of fered, Geor ge
nodding excitedly as the twins stood to go get dressed.  
“What about you Remus?” Molly asked, Remus chuckled.  
“Probably go for a stroll, or get some more sleep, want to have tea around 1 or 2 then Mols?”
Remus asked, Molly nodding.  
“Alright then, let's get dressed!" Harry nodded to Airakus and Seamus as the boys headed
upstairs, leaving the adults downstairs to ‘talk’.Airakus put on his brown baggy pants and his Slytherin sweatshirt (that truly belonged to
Draco Lucius Malfoy), ruf fling his own hair as he grabbed his newer coat from his trunk.  
It was a blue jacket, one he had recently bought that was light and dark blue patches, it was
also really puf fy and unlike Remus's shitty old ones, actually kept him warm!
Seamus was wearing a purple knitted sweatshirt and jeans, along with his brown jacket, his
hair unkempt and ruf fled up.
Harry was wearing light jeans, a blue long sleeve shirt and his quidditch hoodie from the year
prior that read ‘Harry James Potter ’ on the back and ‘SEEKER’ on the front.
He grabbed his glasses and black jacket as he, Sea and Airakus dashed down the stairs to
meet the twins at the door . 
Fred was wearing green pants and a grey hoodie, his puf fy jacket zipped all the way up and
his knitted mittens in his pocket, Geor ge was wearing baggy jeans and a brown hoodie with
‘G.G.W’ imprinted on the back, his jacket and gloves matching Freds.
“Well don't we look dapper? ''Airakus mocked as he grabbed his striped gloves from the
windowsill, tossing Harry his blue gloves as the boys walked outside and towards the shed.
“Want the red one and the saucers?” Fred asked from inside.  
“Nah, just the saucers, Red ones too heavy to carry ,” Geor ge groaned as Fred handed them all
blue saucer sleds with yellow rope to drag them.  
“And of f we go!” Harry chuckled as the five boys began walking towards the hill.
They had a few snowball fights on the way to the hill, eventually arriving and sitting down
exhausted from the long walk in the foot and a half of snow .
“Accio sleds" Airakus cast with his wand, the four saucers came flying towards their heads,
the boys rushing after the sleds as they flew down the hill!
“Ready?” Airakus asked Harry who was sitting on the sled.  
“NO! THIS IS MY FIRST TIIIIIIMMMEEE!” Harry screamed as Airakus and Fred launched
him down the hill, Harry soaring away at top speeds.  
“Enchanted sleds eh?” Airakus asked, Fred and Geor ge smiled as they nodded, Seamus
grinning.  
“Bill?” Airakus asked, the twins nodding again as Airakus chuckled, sitting on his sled. Fred
and Seamus shoved him and he too went flying, landing right next to Harry dead on his
shoulder .
Fred and Geor ge came zipping by them a few moments later . 
“You alright there mate?” Harry asked.  
“Fine” Airakus laughed, “landed dead on my shoulder!” Airakus finished, Seamus rushing
over to him and helping him sit up.  
“I'm alright really mate, just get my wand out of my pocket would you?” Airakus asked, Sea
grabbing Airakus’ s wand from his pants pocket awkwardly handing it to him.  
Airakus muttered a healing charm and with that his shoulder was alright, the boys continued
sledding for a few hours before they were all of ficially worn out.“Care for a butterbeer?” Fred asked, glancing towards the village that was only around a ten
minute walk away .
“Yes im parched!” Airakus groaned as the four picked up their sleds and walked towards Old
Saint Chapole.
“Four butterbeers please?” Fred asked cautiously , the pub owner scof fed. 
“What in merlin is a butterbeer?” he asked, Fred sighed, Airakus laughed with Geor ge,
Seamus and Harry .
“Sorry , four hot chocolates!” Airakus said for Fred who was confused.  
“Why do they not have butterbeer?” Fred asked, genuinely confused as Harry , Seamus,
Airakus and Geor ge laughed uncontrollably .
“Butterbeer isn't a muggle thing Freddie, they don't have that in muggle pubs.” Harry
explained through his tears of laughter , Fred joining them when he realised his stupidity .
Their hot chocolate came and they all drank it quite quickly , ordering another round before
Harry and Airakus were ready to leave.  
“Cmon lets go guys," Harry said after they had paid for their drinks.  
The twins didn't move.  
“Do you think Percy's home yet?” Geor ge asked. “It's nearly 3, he should be." Fred replied.  
“If we take the long way back then yea,” Geor ge agreed, the five leaving the pub.
“What's wrong?” Airakus asked as they walked away from the town and towards the
Lovegoods house, which was a longer walk than if they passed their sledding hill.
“I dunno how Percy’ s gonna be when he gets back, don't want to get home in the midst of an
argument....” Fred sighed, Airakus and Harry nodding.  
“Wait, are we going to pass by the Lovegoods?” Airakus asked, Geor ge nodded. “Perfect,
Remus wanted this month's Quibbler anyways!” Airakus nodded. Seamus gave him a look, a
knowing look.  
Sure he had told Seamus about last summer how he had visited Draco at Lunas, and maybe
he was hoping that Malfoy would be there, but that wasn't important.
“We've got to hurry back afterwards though, we have been gone nearly four hours,” Fred
chuckled as he left money on the table, Airakus grabbing his jacket, the boys barreling out of
the pub.
 
Airakus rushed up the steps of the Lovegoods house, he cautiously knocked a few times
before the door swung open to reveal the one person Airakus had prayed would answer . 
Draco.
“Airakus?” Draco said shocked as his eyebrows shot up.  
“Hey , can I get a Quibbler for Remus?” Airakus asked, Draco nodding as he grabbed one
from the stack beside him.“Where's Luna and Xene?” Airakus asked, Draco shrugging.  
“Probably visiting family , I have a key now!” Draco smirked as Airakus nodded with a smile.
“I'm staying with Ron all break if you wanted to you know? I dunno? Just, what we did over
the summer?” Airakus of fered, Draco nodding eagerly .
“Yea, yes of course, just let me tell Luna and I'll write you!” Draco grinned.  
Airakus looked back to the twins, Seamus and Harry who were out of earshot and couldn't
see the front door of the house.  
He grabbed Draco and hugged him so tightly Malfoy thought he was going to pop.
“Akis, Akis! W on't the W easels see you!?” Draco panicked as he pulled back.  
"Hopefully not..." AIrkaus replied with a smile, Draco shaking his head as he muttered
something into Airakus's ear .
‘Write me’.
Airakus rushed back towards his friends with a grin on his face, “what's so funny?” Geor ge
asked.  
“Nothing” Airakus said in a sing-song voice as Seamus punched him playfully . 
Airakus stuf fed the copy of the quibbler into his coat pocket, picking up his sled as the four
boys continued to walk back to the burrow .
Airakus was overjoyed with seeing Draco, the boy clearly less anxious about what had
happened at the Y ule Ball, or maybe he had just for gotten.  
Airakus's mood was nearly perfect, that was, until they got back to the burrow .
Ron, Hermione and Ginny were all standing in Ron’ s window when the boys arrived, Ron
made eye contact with Fred and signaled that Percy was back. Fred led the others to the shed,
putting the sleds away before going into the house through the backdoor .
“Where were you?!” Molly seethed, clearly riled up as Remus sat on the floor of the living
room talking to Percy who looked as if he had been crying.  
“Sledding, then for some drinks in town, we took the long way back since Airy needed a
Quibbler ,” Geor ge shrugged as he took of f his coat and mittens, hanging them on the coat
hangers, the others doing the same. Fred, Geor ge, Seamus and Harry rushed upstairs to Ron’ s
room, Airakus stopping in the doorway of the stairs.
He handed Remus the Quibbler , before nodding to Percy who didn't reply , his eyes red and
his face stained from tears.
Airakus thought to stay and ask what was wrong, but after seeing the look of seriousness of
Remus's face, Padfoot sitting at the top of the stairs looking down at Airakus, he assumed it
was better not to ask.
“What happened?” He asked Ron, Hermione and Ginny the minute Ron’ s bedroom door was
closed.“He got home and came inside, said hello to everyone, Bill and Charlie were still awake then
so they sat with him and Remus in the lounge for a bit and then Mum started on the whole
Oliver thing and Percy just yelled at her that she didn't care when Charlie’ s mates and him
spend holidays together , or when Bill was spending time with his ex girlfriend and didn't
come for easter , but she cared when he went to Olivers for a night out and they got into a big
argument about it before Remus yelled at Mum and she stopped talking and stalked of f,
waited outside for you lot for a while...” Ron explained while he shook his head.
“Remus got really mad..." Ginny muttered, looking at Airakus for some sort of explanation.
“Well if your mum was getting mad at Percy for spending holidays with his mates then he
probably took it to heart, he lived with the Potters for years, spent every holiday with
friends.” Airakus sighed as he sat down on his bed, eating some of the chocolate he had
leftover from the trolly that Harry had given him.  
He knew that Remus was most likely mad because Molly was only mad at Percy because he
and Oliver were together , that much was obvious.
“So much for Christmas eve,” Harry scof fed as he sat down beside Airakus, taking the piece
that Airakus of fered him.
“DINNER!” Molly shouted a few minutes later , the kids reluctantly going downstairs to eat
the meal in silence. “How were sledding boys?” Remus asked as he ignored the glares that
Molly was sending his way .
“Fine, Airakus almost died” Fred chuckled and Airakus hit him. “What happened now?”
Remus chuckled as well.
“First time I went down landed directly on my shoulder .” Airakus laughed slightly . “Had to
cast a healing charm or it would have popped out!” Airakus explained, Remus chuckled.
“Good thing Poppy taught you those then” Remus nodded, Airakus agreeing.
“How do you get away with performing magic outside of school? Y ou're underage?”
Hermione asked as she passed the potatoes around the table.
“Got special permission from Dumbledore for healing charms and stuf f, always use it for
other stuf f though, little magics not that bad.” Airakus shrugged.
“Yea, I cast Lumos all the time, to read at night, never gotten in trouble for it before,” Harry
shrugged as well.
“Wanna know something funny?” Geor ge asked, everyone nodded. “Freddie tried to order a
butterbeer at the muggle pub!” he began, Harry , Seamus and Airakus snickering while
everyone else laughed at Fred who was bright red.
“I for got alright!” Fred moaned, everyone continued to laugh.  
“How's Oliver Percy?” Charlie chimed in, Percy smiled.  
“He's alright, I invited him here again but he's spending Christmas with his cousins in
Scotland so won't see him until January , that's why I stayed the night yesterday ,” Percy
explained to which everyone nodded, other than Molly who was still sat silently .Erol swooped in through the window soon after , dropping a letter into Fred’ s lap.
“Angie?” Geor ge asked, the boys all oooooooing other than Bill, Charlie and Percy who were
confused.  
“Who's Angie?” Percy asked with a raised eyebrow . “Fred's girlfriend” Ron mocked, Molly
almost choked on her drink.
“YOU HA VE A GIRLFRIEND AND YOU DIDN'T INVITE HER HERE OR TELL ME?!”
She shrieked, glaring at Fred.
“I did tell you, in the letter after the ball, you wrote me back mum, and I did invite her , she's
coming in a few days for new years.” Fred sighed as he stuf fed the letter into his pocket,
Geor ge patting his sympathetically . “Right” Molly nodded as she sat back down embarrassed.
“Right, how was the ball?” Percy asked, everyone tensed at the table who had attended or
heard about the ball.
“It was good for me, Geor ge went with some girl in our year , but she's from another school,”
Fred explained, Geor ge giving him a death glare.
“Did you now?” Bill asked teasingly . 
“Yea, Ron and Harry went with the Patill twins, Airakus just went with Seamus." Fred
rambled, Airakus and Seamus kicking each other under the table as they usually did, Remus
giving Airakus an odd look.
Arthur arrived home right after dinner , everyone stalked upstairs, the boys all landing
themselves in the twins room with Percy , Bill and Charlie.
Remus was upstairs ‘working’ and the girls of f gossiping. “How was Oliver?” Fred asked
again. “You already asked me that at dinner” Percy responded with a furrowed brow . “Yea
but mum was there, how was he really?” Geor ge responded, Percy relaxed.
“He was great, we went to a party and watched movies and stuf f....but he's not in Scotland,
he's with Penelope.” Percy sighed.
Everyone froze, including Harry , Airakus and Hermione, Penelope was Percy’ s ex-girlfriend.
“Why would he be with Penny?” Ginny asked slowly , Percy sighing.  
“I asked him to come here and he said he would but Penny wanted to see us given she hadn't
talked to either of us since last year , I told him I wouldn't go, so he went alone, he said he
might come for new years, but I doubt Mum very would be happy ...” Percy sighed.  
“Also, since when did we have a dog?” Percy asked with a chuckle.  
“It's me and Remus’ s, Padfoot jr I suppose!” Airakus smiled, everyone in the room other than
Percy , the twins and Ginny all knowing that Padfoot was really Sirius.
After the kids all wandered around for a bit, most of them headed of f to their rooms, Percy
whipped from the ar gument earlier . Seamus stalked of f with Ron to go talk in his room about
quidditch or something, Airakus and harry walking down the stairs towards Charlies room to
see Remus and Sirius.“Can I see him then?” Harry asked when Airakus went to open the door . “Let me ask” he
replied as he slipped into Mom's room.  
“You two decent?” Airakus asked and Sirius laughed.  
“Mostly” He chuckled, Airakus turned to see Sirius in shorts and a t-shirt, Remus shirtless.  
“Harry’ s outside, he wants to see you Pads....” Airakus began, Remus looked at Sirius, then
staring at each other for a moment.  
“Not a good time kid!” Sirius chuckled, Remus falling back into the bed with a sigh.
“Alrighty then, what should I tell him? Their busy fucking?” Airakus of fered, Remus
whipped a pillow at him and with that he giggled as he ducked out of the room.  
“So?” Harry asked. “He's sleeping” Airakus answered, a simple lie that Harry believed
automatically as the two returned to Ron’ s room and went to bed, excited for the next
morning, Christmas morning.
Chapter End Notes
So yep my buddies are hugging now ... 
Also here where we get more Percyyyyyyyyyy and Oliver stuf f. 
I hate making Molly the bad guy , but somebody had to cause the drama.  
Also this is where my use of underage magic starts because i honeslty cant be botehred
and sure its iligel and all but theyre WIZARDS so idc.Christmas 1994/95 pt3
Chapter Summary
Chrismtas day at the W ealseys, just a short chapter .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Happy Christmas” Harry and Seamus yelled as they shook Airakus violently . The other boy
clearly had just woken up, given on his way to wake Ron up he yawned so loudly that
Airakus nearly fainted. “Happy Christmas” was excitedly repeated the entire way down the
stairs, every W easley in sight was wearing their matching sweaters, Harry , Hermione and
Airakus wearing their own versions that Molly had made them the year prior , Seamus’ s
wrapped in his blanket.
“Morning” Mrs W easley smiled cheerily as she, Arthur , Remus and Charlie all sat in the
lounge around the Christmas tree, the fire lit on as the pile of presents glimmered in the light.
“Mornin!” the kids chanted as they all took their seats. “These ones from Mary!” Remus
smiled as he handed Airakus a package after about a half an hour of the kids opening their
gifts. Airakus smiled as he took the letter of f the top of the square package.
 
Dear Airy ,
Happy Christmas boyo, hope you're doing good. I heard you got good grades on your test last
year, or at least that's what Remus said after I told him that my kids were failing their muggle
school given they are definitely wizards ;).
I miss you dearly and am planning on visiting soon, given the erm, situation. I've sent you a
special present with some examples in the box, love you boyo!
Love,  
Auntie Mary
 
The note read.  
Airakus smiled as he opened the small box, revealing a small digital camera with a few
photos beneath it.Airakus inspected the camera while he ignored the pictures for now . 
They were Mary’ s old ones, destined to have James and Lily in them and Harry was currently
sitting right beside Airakus.
“But don’ t you already have a camera?” Ron asked as he inspected the little shutter camera.  
“Yea, but that one’ s for Polaroids, this is the real stuf f!” Airakus replied, biting down on his
nail.
“I'll hope she likes the sea glass me and Seamus sent her….” Airakus mumbled as he put the
camera away and turned back to Remus, handing him a small box.
“What's this?” He asked as Padfoot hopped into his lap and began snif fing the box.  
“Present” Airakus replied with a smirk. Remus opened the box to reveal a small red lighter
that had Moony written on the side of it.
“YOU FOUND IT YOU LITTLE SHIT!” Remus shouted as he tackled Airakus into a hug,
the boy laughing as Molly scolded the man for swearing.
Padfoot was suddenly excited as he looked at Remus, wide eyed at his childish excitement.  
“What is it?” Hermione asked, confused, everyone else other than Airakus and Remus
matching her expression.
“My old lighter , I lost it in my seventh year , always missed the damn thing. I told Airakus
and Seamus over the summer that the last place I saw it was the windowsill in the filth floor
corridor , but that I didn't know . Sirius got it for me for my birthday…” Remus explained out
of breath from shock.
Everyone was smiling now . 
“Where was it?” Remus asked Airakus who smiled goofily , “Accio lighter a few hundred
times between me and Seamus and it appeared eventually , then we sold all the other ones,”
Airakus sighed, Hermione wapping him in the side of the head as a warning to stop doing bad
things. Remus laughed, Molly laughed, Arthur laughed, Padfoot barked.
“Just like you damn father” Arthur sighed, poking Remus who smiled. Airakus grinned.
“From T onks” Harry handed Airakus a box, Airakus didn't see a letter so he opened it, it was
a small pack of quills and a sweatshirt.
“For Airy” was written on a scrap piece of paper in the box and Airakus smiled sadly as he
put the present with his books, the gift from Mary , chocolates from friends and Sweater from
Molly . 
“No note?” Remus asked, Airakus shook his head no. “She didn't send anything for my
birthday either , I should phone her” Remus sighed.
The rest of the day was content, nobody ar gued and Mrs.W easley and Percy were getting
along for the most part.
After some tea and a few more laughs everyone decided to head upstairs and disperse into
their rooms.  Airakus dashing into Remus’ s room before anyone could bother him.  
“Happy Christmas Airy!” Sirius said as he hugged Airakus, Remus smiling as he ruf fled
Airakus’ s hair again.
The two talked for a while longer , Sirius telling Airakus about a rather fun Christmas break
with James and Remus at the potters.
Airakus and Remus finished of f their box of chocolates, Sirius turning into Padfoot as he
curled up beside Remus and fell asleep.
Dinner was great, as dinner always was at the W easleys.  
It was uninterrupted and everyone was getting along, Airakus, Seamus and Bill teasing Ron
about his oh so beautiful new scarf. They were just eating, remembering old Christmas
stories when suddenly a specifically lar ge owl, a familiar one at that, dropped a green
envelope and a small box onto Airakus’ s lap, the boy stuf fing both into his pockets, ignoring
the questions from the others.  
Airakus escaped his friends, buggering of f to go to bed, creeping up the stairs past the others
empty bedrooms before he plopped onto his dusty mattress.
He tore open the letter , which read a quick,  
‘Happy Christmas Airakus -D’  
He then inspected the small package before tearing it open. Inside was a gold necklace chain
with a little gold hook on the end, another note written in the package which read  
‘for the compass, just shrink it and click it on the hook’.  
Airakus shrunk the compass that Draco had given him, the one he kept in his pocket most of
the time, clicking it onto the chain and putting on the necklace as he laid down in his bed.  
Draco had gotten gold, instead of silver . 
Thoughtful git.
Chapter End Notes
our thoughtful little git🫶 
Also this is a super short chapter (atleast in my opinion) because I was so ungodly done
with this fic at this point I was gonna scrap it.  
BUT WE STUCK WITH IT LETS GOOOYour almost as screwed as I am!
Chapter Summary
End of Chrismtas, New Y ears, and end of break back in W ales.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up the next morning covered in tears, nightmares sucked, that he knew .
Harry , Seamus and Ron were still asleep beside him so everything was alright, he hadn't
woken them up.
It wasn't night anymore, the sun was rising so he walked downstairs, ate breakfast, and spent
the day outside with his friends and the W easleys.
The days repeated like that for a while, New Y ears coming quickly .
It was new year's day and Angelina arrived, she was swarmed by Molly and Arthur , greeted
by Ginny kindly afterwards before Fred dragged her upstairs.
He pushed his bedroom door open to reveal Airakus, Seamus and Geor ge sitting on Geor ges
bed playing exploding snaps.
“Oh, hey Angie” Geor ge smiled as he looked back down at the game that Airakus had just
won.
“Why do you keep winning arse?” Geor ge moaned as he handed his snaps to Airakus in
defeat, Airy grinned. “Why are you so bad at it?” He replied to which Geor ge scof fed and
tumbled of f his bed dramatically making room for Seamus.
 
Angie and Fred talked for a while, eventually settling for watching Airakus, Seamus and
Geor ge bicker over their game of snaps before Molly called them down for lunch.
“Help yourself dears!" She smiled as she sat down, Arthur to her left. Airakus sat in between
Geor ge and Harry as he usually did, Charlie sitting a seat over so that Angie could sit with
Fred.
“So Angelina, how's school been going for you dear?” Molly asked as she cut her chicken
with a smile, Angelina smiled back. “Good, I was disappointed that we didn't have Quidditchthis year , but other than that it's been brilliant” Angelina smiled, Molly nodding at Fred
approvingly as they all began eating.
They were all eating when Padfoot came tumbling into the room, Sitting himself in Remus’ s
chair , Angelina laughed. “Fred, I didn't know you had a dog?” She asked.
Fred smirked. “It's not ours, it's Airakus's.” he replied, Angelina nodded, her mouth making
an O shape as she looked to the doorway , her face turning to one of fear .
“Professor Lupin!” Angelina nodded as Remus walked into the room, scratching begins
Padfoot's eat before taking his seat back and serving his plate full of food.
“Good to see you Angie, how have you been? 5th year treating you well?” Remus asked with
a sympathetic smile. Angelina hadn't seen him since the article about his L ycanthropy was
released last June.
“It's been good, I was just saying that I was sad about Quidditch....” Angie stuttered, “Why ,
why are you here?” She asked, trying not to be rude.
“Erm, Angelina, Airakus, Remus, Lupin, you know this” Hermione interjected, patting
Angelina's shoulder as Fred looked between the two of them.  
“Right, right, sorry” Angelina retorted as they continued eating, Percy and Arthur diving into
another conversation about work to break the silence.
After lunch Airakus stayed downstairs to help Molly with the dishes, not eager to go upstairs
and be left alone with Angie who was still shaken from seeing her ex professor werewolf
standing in her boyfriends kitchen.
“That's new ,” Molly commented with a smile, looking at the compass dangling of f Airakus's
chain as he scrubbed dishes clean.  
“Oh, yea, present!” Airakus smiled as he handed her a few plates, Molly drying them and
putting them away . 
“Well it's very pretty ,” Molly smiled, Airakus' sigh of relief that she didn't pry .
“Is It from a girl perhaps?” Molly asked, there she was, Airakus continued to hand the plates
passive aggressively as he decided what to say .
“No” he answered, “Not any girls at the moment Mrs.W easley!” Airakus chuckled as he
finished helping with dishes and rushing of f upstairs to get his coat and gloves before he had
to leave.
“Ready to go then?” Harry asked as he walked into the bedroom to grab his coat.  
“Yea, yea give me a second,” Airakus said as he threw his book into his trunk and pulled his
coat on quickly , tying his boots before dashing out the door and down the stairs after Harry .
The twins, Harry , Seamus, Ginny and Angie were all in the lounge, Airakus joining them.
”Where's Ron?” Harry asked, looking around.  
“He and Mione are studying again, I think it's just their excuse to hangout without us” Ginnysighed as she pat Harry’ s shoulder , the whole lot of them waving goodbye to Molly and
Remus who were sat down fro tea, Padfoot curled in Remus's lap as they left the Burrow and
began walking towards Old Saint Chapole.
“Oh look, it's our sledding hill!” Harry said as the hill from the week prior came into view ,
their tracks covered from the fresh snow that had fallen over the past week.
“Yea!” Airakus replied as he, Seamus and Harry rushed of f to the top of the hill, taking sticks
from the lar ge willow tree that stood atop the hill to use as swords in their fake fencing duel.
The twins joined in laughing, Ginny and Angelina towards the side.
“Airy , did you bring your camera?” Ginny asked as she dug through her tote bag she had
brought.
“Erm, yea I think so, it's probably in your bag” Airakus wheezed as Harry pretended to stab
Geor ge, Geor ge dramatically spinning before falling.  
Ginny captured a photo just as Geor ge fell.
Airakus took a few more pictures as they walked, ones of Fred and Angelina walking hand in
hand, ones of Harry and Ginny flirting ‘for the weddings’ Seamus mumbled to Airakus as he
snapped a few more.
They arrived in the village soon after , heading for the town square where they took some
more pictures and played magic pranks on the unaware muggles who were walking around.
They decided to head to the pub that they had gone to on Christmas Eve. “More Butterbeers
then Freddie?” Airakus chuckled, the entire table erupting into laughter other than Angelina
who giggled confused before Geor ge explained the story to her , much to Fred's disapproval.
“Childish” Fred shook his head, Harry scof fed. “We’re the childish ones?” he scof fed, the
entire table erupting into laughter .
They ordered their drinks and were all silently discussing their break to Angelina.  
“Wait, let's go get something from the pawn shop!” Fred chimed into the conversation.
“Yea!” Ginny replied excitedly , digging into her pocket for her money . “No, boys only fuck
off” Fred replied with a sneer to his sister as he dragged Airakus, Geor ge, Seamus and Harry
off with him.
“Fred, why have you kidnapped us? I was having a good time!” Airakus groaned as they
entered the shop.
It was interesting there but most of the antiques were old porcelain statues from old dead
women, not like the cool antique shops in W ales or the wizard trinket shops that Airakus
could spend hours collecting things in. There was china and old dolls. It looked like a
museum for what Airakus assumed a Grandma’ s brain would be like if it was on display .
“Because, I've got to show you guys something!” Fred said as he dragged Harry and Airakus
off into a corner of the shop, digging through his pocket before pulling out a gold chain, aheart pendant hanging of f of it as he dangled it in front of Airakus and Harry dramatically as
if he was presenting his greatest achievement.
“What” Airakus sighed boredly , Fred gasped, the two turning towards each other , their eyes
at the same height making the conversation very hard to keep up with for the very much
shorter Harry .
“For Angelina, it's her present!” Fred said, as if it was common knowledge.
“Cute, bet she'll love it!” Harry replied excitedly , Fred smiled, Airakus ignored them both as
he played with the compass that he now held in his hand, his mind trailing of f.
“She will love it Fred. What's inside?” Airakus asked as he took the pendant in hand, opening
it slowly .
“Nothing yet, got any good pictures from today?” Fred asked, Airakus smirked wildly ,
“You don't even want to know how many '' he said cheekily .
“But, how would the picture fit?” Harry asked quite dumbly .
“We’re wizards, don't be daft” Airakus scof fed as he pulled out his camera, showing Fred
some of the pictures he had from earlier , the older boy grinning ear to ear .
“I wish I had someone to buy dumb presents for ,” Harry sighed as the boys walked around
the store for a bit longer , grabbing some things to buy for Molly as a peace of fering.
“What do you mean Harry , you've got Nev” Airakus smiled widely before Harry punched
him with an eye roll. “You know what I mean arse hole” Harry replied slowly . “You'll find
somebody mate, maybe you can join Seamus and Airakus, be free wheeling bachelors
together , find girlfriends on some dumb muggle show ,” Fred chuckled, Airakus and Geor ge
laughing, Harry rolling his eyes as Seamus wiggled his eyebrows at them all.
They stood in the shop as the boys talked, Airakus looking at the odd pendants and rings
when he saw one.  
It was a copper ring, with a star on it, the word ‘draco’ engraved beside it, the constellation
beside it, barely viable through the roughed up scratches.
It was screaming up at him, begging for him to buy it.  
Draco had gotten him a gift after all, even if it was something small, Airakus was sure
Malfoy would like it.
He handed the shopkeeper a few bucks and took the ring, running after the boys as they made
their way back to the pub.
“What did you guys get?” Ginny asked as Airakus tossed the paper bag of trinkets to the
floor beside the table, dramatically falling into the booth beside Seamus as Harry took his
seat beside Ginny at the end of the table and Fred returned to his spot beside Angelina.“Shit for Mum,” Fred chuckled, Ginny rolling her eyes. “Peace of ferings.” Airakus laughed
which led the boys to break down laughing.
Fred, Airakus, Seamus and Harry showed the others the new oven mitts that had ‘best’ on
one and ‘mum ever ’ on the other .
The orange and yellow stained glass wind chime that was only 5 pounds and a few statues of
cats and owls that she could put on her shelves in the kitchen and the lounge.
“You suck ups” Ginny laughed as she looked at the mits. “Not suck ups Ginny , good
bargainers! W e buy her gifts, she doesn't murder us for at least 2 days, its a win win
situation." Fred responded to which Angelina and Harry laughed, Geor ge nodding at Ginny
in reassurance that this was common knowledge and that she was just stupid.
“It's nearly 5, we should be heading back...” Angelina chimed in when she realized the time.
“Oh shit!” The others shouted as they left their money , grabbed their presents and ran back to
the burrow .
Molly had told them to be home by 5:30, the walk was at least an hour .
“How I would pay to apparate right now!” Geor ge weazed as the whole lot of kids slowed
down around halfway back, out of breath and exhausted from shoving through the thick
snow .
“I know how ,” Airakus shrugged with the utmost relaxed look on his face. “If you don't mind
breaking the law” he added, the twins were at his side in a matter of minutes.
“How? Hermione said you had to be 17 to learn?” Harry asked, his lack of knowledge of the
wizarding world never failing to make everyone chuckle.
“Remus taught me how , said it was important for emer gencies and that he wouldn't have
survived the way without it, i've been side apparating since I was a baby , learnt how when I
was around 8, just never really think to do it given its highly illegal and all that....” Airakus
shrugged at Harry , The twins giggling, used to the amount of stupid things Remus had taught
Airakus.
“I'd rather not side aparate with a 14 year old thanks!” Angelina said, Fred nodding and
returning to her side bashfully , Geor ge scof fing.
“No fun you lot are, rather be splinched than walk the rest of the way back!” Seamus groaned
as he followed the rest who continued to walk the rest of the way back.
When they arrived home, Molly was angry , but automatically calmed down when the boys
gave her her presents.
“You are just the sweetest, thank god you two make friends with Airy , Seamus and Harry , or
else you'd be in Azkaban by now” Molly scof fed as she pulled on her oven mitts, returning to
the kitchen to finish up dinner .Ginny , Angelina, Fred and Geor ge went to sit in the lounge with the older W easley's, Harry ,
Seamus and Airakus going upstairs to find Ron and Hermione.
“Afternoon guys, how was town?” Hermione asked with a sigh, they were in Ron's room,
their potions essay scattered across the floor , Harry , Seamus and Airakus having left them
untouched.
“It was good, got some good pictures,” Airakus nodded, snapping another picture of the
group, Ron groaning. "Studying was fun I assume?" Harry asked, ROn rolling over on the
couch with a loud groan. "Ill take that as a yes!” Airakus joked, everyone chuckled.
Molly called them all for dinner , everyone sitting around the table, Remus greeting Airakus
with a side hug, a few questions and a pat on the shoulder before sitting at the other end of
the table with Padfoot because he ‘needed to feed the dog’.
“Mum, can you refrain from kissing dad this year?” Charlie asked, the entire W easley family
other than Arthur and Molly grinned and cried in agreement.
“Why , as if you wouldn't be kissing your wife if you had one!” Molly chuckled. “Low blow
mum, low blow” Bill scof fed, hugging Charlie jokingly as everyone laughed. “I'm not an
adult, like an old one, I'm in my twenties mum, when old people kiss it's weird." Charlie
rolled his eyes.
“If Remus’ s girlfriend was here and they kissed you wouldn't bat an eye, it's just because
we’re your parents Charlie!” Molly sighed, Remus nearly spat out his pumpkin juice as did
Airakus and Bill, Charlie laughed out loud before clasping his hands over his mouth, Padfoot
rolling over with a few barks.
“What?” Molly asked the table, “Have you not got a girlfriend Remus? I'm sorry!” Molly
said nervously looking down the table at Remus anxiously .
“Molly , you came to our wedding…” Remus said, actually confused. “RIGHT!” Molly
replied loudly as she shook her head, remembering something she had for gotten.
“So many damn kids, must have slipped my mind these past few years!” She chuckled.  
“Remus, you're married?” Ginny asked, Remus nodded, Airakus was sweating.  
“To who, why isn't she here?” Harry asked excitedly , Airakus almost cried of pain, Remus
was clearly fighting the ur ge to tell everyone that he was married to his dog, just to see their
reactions, but he didn't.
“They are out of the country right now , haven't seen them for a while actually , no matter , how
come Freds the only one here with a New years kiss who isn't old?” Remus chuckled, the
entire table turning to the older W easley boys and bothering them.
Airakus looked down the table at Remus who was sweating, Airakus put a thumbs up, Remus
flipped him of f with a silent laugh mouthing the words, ‘married to my dog’ which made
Airakus laugh.He had for gotten that none of his friends knew that he had two dads, that Sirius Black and
Remus Lupin were married right after James and Lily , that Harry didn't and couldn't know!
“Well, maybe i'll invite a girl over then mum” Bill scof fed after Molly had bugged him along
with everyone else about how he didn't have a girlfriend.
“How about that!” Arthur added with a smile. “Everyone invite someone for the W easley
New Y ears Party! I want to meet my future daughters in law!” Arthur smiled. "And son in
law.” Ginny added, Arthur raised his eyebrows. “You're thirteen, there better not be any son
in laws!” Half the table laughed including Remus and Airakus
After dinner everyone went upstairs, Bill apparated somewhere, returning with some girl he
knew from school named Polly .
Charlie didn't go anywhere, but a girl named Hailey showed up soon after . 
Everyone was sat in the lounge listening to the radio, Remus was on the couch, Padfoot
curled up at his feet, Airakus was dancing about with the twins and Ron, the girls all sat
chatting while Arthur talked to Bill and Charlie about their ‘girlfriends’ as he kept putting it.
Around 1 1 their parents went to bed, Remus and Padfoot going for a midnight walk while the
kids all went upstairs to the twins room, piling in on the floor to hangout.
Ginny too had gone upstairs to bed, given her seemingly hope of a new years kiss with Harry
had vanished when the boy had begun weeping about Cho Chang and Cedric Diggory .
“You wish V ic was here dont ya Mione?” Airakus teased, everyone was now teasing
Hermione about V ictor given Harry was too sad to be teased about Cho.  
“Kind of, not really ....” Hermione sighed, blushing slightly .
Ron was rolling his eyes dramatically , when Airakus who was sitting near the window
suddenly squeaked in ur gency .
“Where's Bill going?” Airakus asked, everyone piling behind him to look out the window at
Bill and the girl he had brought standing in the driveway talking.
“Oh, he's probably saying bye to that girl he's brought,” Charlie chuckled as he entered the
room. “Wait, where's your girlfriend Charlie?” Fred asked, and as if he had summoned her
the other girl walked outside, standing beside Bill’ s ‘girlfriend’ as Bill thanked them about a
million times.  
Bill left, the girl grabbed hands and apparrated away together .
“What? No kiss goodnight?” Ron teased when Bill entered the room as well, Bill and Charlie
looked at each other before laughing uncontrollably . 
“No Ron, I was not about to kiss me and Charlie's Lesbian friends!” Bill replied through
wheezes.
“No you didn't!” Fred asked with a chuckle.  
“Yes we did!” Bill laughed.  Bill and Charlie had met two girls who were married a few years ago after school; the rest of
the W easleys had never met the girls before, until now .
“Just to piss her of f tomorrow when you tell her?!” Geor ge asked through more wheezes.
“Yep, think it'll distract her from Percy’ s disappearance long enough for him to get back?”
Bill rolled his eyes.
“Oh yea, where did he go?” Angelina asked confused. “Oliver's” Geor ge replied with a sigh,
the entire room suddenly very stif f. 
“When?” Hermione, Harry and Ron asked dramatically . “After mum and dad went to bed, we
went outside to scare the shit out of Remus when we saw him and the dog walking through
the garden but instead we saw Percy leaving, made him tell us.” Fred chuckled, Geor ge
frowning slightly .
“Percy and Oliver are flat mates?” Angelina asked.  
“No he lives here, they're definitely going to be flat mates though if you know what I mean,”
Fred nudged Airakus who laughed sarcastically . 
Angelina nodded with a short oh before everyone began talking amongst themselves again,
Midnight coming all too quick.
“3,2,1 HAPPY NEW YEAR!” Everyone screeched, Fred and Angelina kissing quickly , just a
peck.  
Airakus kissing Seamus’ s cheek dramatically , then Hermione's staring at Ron rolling his eyes
and scof fing while Harry , Bill, Geor ge and Charlie took a swig of whatever drink they were
holding dramatically .
 
Angelina left the next day , Fred continuing to mope about for the remainder of their vacation.  
Bill and Charlie left, everyone joining Fred’ s moping after their departure, Percy and Arthur
returned to work soon and by January 4th the kids were mostly alone and bored all day . 
“School doesn't start till what, the 14th?” Harry groaned as Hermione shoved Airakus and
Harry's finally finished essays into their trunks so they wouldn't for get them.
“Yea, 14th is when we catch the train back...” Ron sighed as the three boys dramatically fell
to the floor .
Remus walked into the door , Padfoot twirling around Airakus and Harry’ s feet lovingly the
minute he was let into Ron’ s room.  
“Hey Remus, how are you?” Ron asked, Remus nodded.  
“Great! Airakus, I'm thinking of heading back home until the end of break, bringing Pads
with me, I wouldn't make you but you can come as well, Invite your mates over? I'm sure
everyone would love to see W ales, they can all come along.” Remus of fered, Airakus looked
at his dad, their conversation transferring to some weird telekinetic thing they did a lot.
‘Need to talk to you, important’ Remus said with his eyes, ‘don't want to bring Harry back,
Sirius’ the man added, Airakus nodded.  
‘Well I need to finish my homework, I'm bringing Mione or I'll fail all my classes, and
Seamus’ Airakus nodded..Hermione, Seamus and Airakus packed their things, Remus telling Molly that they would
leave after dinner .
“I'm quite excited, I've never been to W ales!” Hermione smiled at Airakus as he helped her
carry her things downstairs.
“Its awesome, we live right on the beach, the lake might be frozen over so we can go skating.
We've got magical creatures that live behind the house in the woods so we can study them for
class, we can go to the town and I can show you my room! I might bug Remus to let Dean
come on over as well, we can all go hunting the polter geist that lives in the man out down the
shore!” Airakus rambled excitedly , Seamus nodding along.  
“Lost me at Polter geist!" Hermione chuckled.
Molly and Remus made dinner that night and everyone came downstairs, they chatted as per
usual and for dessert, given this was Airakus, Seamus and Hermione’ s last day , they had
Sundays.
Remus came to get Airakus, Seamus and Hermione soon after , everyone said goodbye.  
Remus took the floo back with Padfoot and the luggage, Airakus, Seamus and Mione saying
they'd meet him back in W ales in a few minutes.
“Welcome to the pig sty Mione,'' Remus smiled as he took their bags and tossed them
towards the kitchen, Hermione was standing just in front of the cold fireplace gazing around.  
Seamus tackled the couch with a groan as he mumbled something that even Airakus couldn't
hear.
“This is quite perfect! Less outlandish wizardly like the burrow , less overwhelming,”
Hermione smiled at Airakus who rolled his eyes.  
“Well of course its less wizardly , Remus was raised by muggles...” Airakus added, Hermione
froze.
“Your muggle born Remus?” She asked hesitantly .
“No, half blood, but when I was bitten as a child my father died, my mother left me at an
orphanage, muggle raised till Dumblesnore came along!” Remus chuckled.
“I think that's the most I've heard you speak all week” Airakus sighed. “First time I think
anything I have to say will fly , Mollys a bit harsh sometimes bless her ....” Remus responded
with a small shake of his head.
“Yea, she was on edge this holiday , I think it has to do with Percy ...” Hermione replied as
they all sat around the lounge, all aware that they were about to have their first intelligent
conversation since Christmas eve.
“What is even really going on with Percy? I've been so confused and I didnt think it wise to
go snoop around and ask Fred and Geor ge about it, they'd lull me into one of their pranks
again!” Remus shivered jokingly , Hermione and Airakus chuckling.“Percy and Oliver W ood were going to move in together , but Molly refused to let Percy leave
given he just graduated, he's been staying at Olivers basically every night for the past three
months according to Ron and Ginny .” Hermione explained, Remus looking at Airakus
questioningly .
“Yep” Airakus nodded and Remus smiled warmly . “Ill have to owl him, remind him he can
always stay here with Oliver if needed, or even alone, I love taking in strays!” Remus winked
at Airakus, turning to Padfoot who was trotting around the house in search of something.
“Sirius, come over her tosser!” Remus shouted after the black dog as he turned a corner and
entered Remus’ s bedroom.  
Hermione tensed when the person who came around the corner wasn't a dog anymore, Sirius
black in jeans and an old shirt, his hair long, came strolling into the lounge, his scruf fy beard
now tamed and his dark hair less scraggly as it had been towards the end of the summer
earlier that year .
“Did your dog just turn into a person mate?” Seamus asked groggily as he lifted his head
from the sofa.  
“Yes Seamus, he did, now go back to sleep!” Airakus patted Seamus lightly , Sirius dying
laughing.
“How have you been Mione? I wanted to bother you about school earlier but I doubt you can
speak dog." Sirius smiled, Hermione’ s shoulders untensed as she answered Sirius, seemingly
glad that the psychotic man she had met in the shrieking shack had clearly calmed down.
“How long have you been staying with Remus?” Hermione asked Sirius, Sirius chuckled.  
“Since 1973, as of recently since August," Sirius chuckled, Remus flicking him in the side of
the head while Airakus suppressed his giggles.
“Not to be rude, but why? Don't you have a house? Inherited if I'm not mistaken?” Hermione
asked cautiously , Sirius tensed slightly .
“Well, yes, but I'd rather not live there with Mooney , it's rather dull, and besides, my mothers
portrait would have a fit if I showed up...” Sirius sighed, Hermione chuckled slightly at
Sirius's mocking tone when he mentioned his mother .
“True, true, but don't you want to give Remus and his wife some privacy?” Hermione asked
completely innocently , Remus began laughing uncontrollably , Sirius spat his tea out and
Airakus fell of f his chair in a fit of giggles, Seamus moving around, making them all shut up.
Hermione looked around confused. “Wha…what's so funny?” She laughed nervously ,
looking between the three boys that were all maniacal cackling by now .
“Mione, they're married....to each other?” Airakus managed through wheezes and gasps of
breath.  
Hermione looked at Sirius and Remus, then it clicked and she too began laughing.  
“Remus, you're married to your dog!” Hermione snickered out which just made everyone
laugh more.“I knew the dog was a person,” Seamus sighed as he turned over on the couch, causing
everyone to laugh more.
 
Airakus toured Hermione around the house, dragging Seamus around, finishing with his
room.  
“And this is my cave, enter if you dare,” Airakus chuckled as he pushed his wooden door
open, Hermione looked round the small room in wonder . 
It's not like she hadn't seen Airakus’ s part of the dormitory before, the band posters, records,
books and drawing stuf f, his excessive amount of stuf fed animals and the constellations
painted into his bed, but she hadn't imagined his bedroom to just be a bigger version of that.
Airakus tossed his trunk onto his four poster bed, the paper stars wrapped around the top of
his bed posts swaying from the sudden movement.
Hermione put her bag down on the floor , Seamus hopping onto his bed as Hermione looked
around the room for her bed.
“You get the hammock, that's the luxury of my bedroom!” Airakus sighed as Hermione
grinned.  
“I've never been in a hammock before,” Hermione chuckled.
The boy's desk was scattered with drawings and books, opened as if he had been there the
day before. His lar ge window , and window seat were dusty from the lack of motion, his
closet was relatively bare other than his robes and wellies, his bookshelves still lined with
every book imaginable.
“You've got more books than I do!” Hermione exclaimed when she saw the bookshelves, the
girl diving for the bottom shelf which she began inspecting.  
“Mostly wizards books or muggle fantasy , I've got Shakespeare and shit like that too, Remus
loves to read, basically conditioned me to.” Airakus laughed as he unpacked his trunk,
leaving most of his things other than his book that he was reading and his stuf fed animals.
The three spent the rest of the evening conversing about what they would do the next day ,
Airakus had made it a point to get up earlier than Seamus and Hermione so that he and
Remus could talk alone.
The next morning Airakus got out of bed around 7:30, Hermione and Seamus were still out
cold given the two hadn't gone to bed until the early hours of the morning.
He stumbled down the stairs in his battered old car go shorts and yellow tank top, his scars on
display as the morning sun caught him at the bottom of the stairwell.
Remus was sat in the kitchen reading the newspaper , Airakus walked towards him when he
saw the darned thing move!
“Is that the daily prophet?!” Airakus asked excitedly , but slightly confused.  
“Erm, yea, Sirius needed it and besides, there's no reason to keep anything away anymore, weare fully involved in the wizarding world again!'' Remus sighed with a chuckle as he closed
the prophet, turning to face Airakus who had sat on the countertop, a croissant in hand.
“So, Moody ...” Remus began, Airakus sighed in relief. “What?” Remus asked with a bit of a
laugh, Airakus chuckled as well.
“I thought something was horribly wrong, like Sirius was going to be arrested or you were
putting me up for adoption or something,” Airakus joked to which Remus tossed a balled up
napkin at him playfully .
“No, I'm not putting you up for adoption, I need to talk to you about Moody , about what
happened when you and Mione went to speak with him, you mentioned it in the letter but you
never really told me,” Remus explained, Airakus nodded.
Airakus gave Remus the word by word explanation of their conversation, explaining that
Alastor got scared when Airakus said his last name, and how he had been avoiding him all
together since, rushing away from the boy after lessons, never attending meals when Airakus
would be nearby .
Remus sighed deeply when Airakus was done. “Either he's truly gone batshit, or that's not
Moody , keep an eye out, but keep your distance, if it's not him Airakus..." Remus paused,
glancing into the lounge where Sirius was digging through records. "Airy if it's not him, then
maybe whoever it is put Harry’ s name in that goblet.” Remus whispered, Airakus nodded
slowly in agreement. “I've got a shit feeling about this Remus...” Airakus mumbled before
Hermione and Seamus entered the room.
Airakus and Hermione made breakfast given Seamus and Remus were their ‘test subjects’ for
a new recipe Molly had tried to teach Hermione earlier that week.
Sirius finished with his records before he got up and stumbled into the kitchen, Seamus
fainting before they explained the situation to him, the boy sighing in defeat as he sat around
the small round table to eat his weird egg and ham loaf thing.
“Airakus, do you think I could owl Dean, see if he wanted to come for the end of the week,
just two nights? Seamus asked, Airakus nodding as Remus nodded as well.
Seamus went to write Dean and finish his holiday homework that he had avoided the whole
time they had been at the W easleys.
Hermione and Airakus decided to go for a walk into town later that day , dragging Seamus
along with them.
“Wear high socks, you don't want a tick...” Airakus added as Hermione grabbed ankle socks
from her trunk.  
“You've got ticks here?!” She said nervously . “Yea, just in the woods where we've got to cut
through, no big deal.” Airakus sighed, Hermione went slightly pale.
"HURR Y UP T OSSERS!" Seamus yelled from the mud room, Hermione shaking her head.“Have you got tick spray we can use? I'd rather not get L yme disease!” Hermione complained
with a bit of an odd chuckle, Airakus laughed.
“Were wizards Mione, we can't get L yme disease, I'd just rather not have to dig a tick out of
your shin this afternoon so wear high socks alright?” Airakus laughed as he grabbed a few
pounds, the two friends waving goodbye to Remus and Sirius who were flying around the
garden on their old broomsticks before entering the enchanted forest that led to the town.
“They are more like friends than your parents, eh?” Hermione asked as Airakus and her
marched down a dirt path in the woods, Seamus a few feet ahead of them chasing after some
gnomes.
“Yea, I suppose, they are too young to have a teenager , I'm nearly 15 and Remus is only in
his thirties, early thirties at that..” Airakus explained shortly . 
Hermione nodded.
“And well, neither of them were really living adult lives, they never really have. They've
never really needed jobs. Sirius is flat out rich and I've got a fortune and a half, Remus never
used it much but still, he never worked that much, just side jobs here and there, teaching
position last year . He raised me for sure, but he raised me more as an older brother than a
dad, always fun, teaching me shit I shouldn't know how to do because why not. Neither of
them are that responsible and given the last time Sirius was a functional human he was 22,
well, they are still kids to be honest.” Airakus ranted as he hopped from rock to rock,
balancing on fallen trees as Hermione walked plainly on the path beside him.
“Yea, it's good that it's all worked out though, that they are together again and that Remus had
you.” Hermione smiled, Airakus nodding slightly as he shook his head, ridding his mind of
the horrible thoughts of his childhood rolled back in.
They made it to the small village soon afterwards, the town was a muggle village built in the
medieval times so the streets were cobble and the buildings were stone and wooden, it
resembles Hogsmeade only less exciting, more like Old Saint Chapole to be honest.
They spent a few hours walking around, Hermione buying at least 12 books from the muggle
bookshop in town, Airakus laughing as she shrunk them down to fit in her bag.
They headed back to the house before it got to late, the three laughing and teasing one
another the entire walk through the woods.
The three kids spent the next few days swimming and watching films, eventually Dean
arrived towards the end of the week and Airakus was truly calm for the first time all break.
They ate dinner before deciding to go for a stroll down the beach after breakfast, Seamus and
Airakus had been planning on it but they had wanted to wait for Dean to get there.
The kids ate lunch and then returned to the beach later that day . 
Airakus and Seamus start a chaotic snowball fight against Hermione and Dean.  
The kids walked back to the house for dinner , Seamus and Hermione searching for Remus so
that he could meet Dean. The kids made their way to the kitchen where Remus was sitting, afreshly made pizza in the oven. "Oi, Remus, this is..." Airakus began to introduce the new
arrival to Remus, the man turning with a smile.
“Dean Thomas right? Heard loads about you over the summer" Remus smiled. “Really Airy ,
you talk about me to your dad?” Dean replied mockingly , Airakus grinning. “Yea, he hears
about all my friends, Seamus was the one who wouldn't stop writing you and talking about
you the entire damn time he was here.” Airakus scof fed, Remus nodding as he looked
between Airakus and Seamus, getting the hint the minute Seamus gave Airakus a warning
glance.
“Really Sea, you missed me that much?” Dean teased Hermione laughing, Airakus chuckling
quietly as he realised what he had started.
Seamus rolled his eyes and punched Dean. “Sure, whatever helps you sleep at night mate” he
responded, looking at Airakus thankfully . 
Airakus had taught him that tactic, the I'm not embarrassed, I don't care tactic that he had
used for many years prior .
The kids eventually went upstairs and to bed properly , properly meaning 1 in the morning
instead of 2.
The next morning they woke up late and headed downstairs.
“Oi Seamus, fancy a walk?” Airakus asked, Seamus nodding as the four headed down to the
beach. Airakus tripped Seamus to which the other boy chuckled, picking up a few ice covered
stones and tossing them at Airakus playfully .
"So Hermione, hows V ictor?" Dean began, Hermione going red as she stuttered out a
response.
“Malfoy?” Seamus muttered with his eyebrows raised jokingly , “Thomas?” Airakus replied
in a mumbled with a laugh.  
The kids walked down the beach for a while, Seamus and Airakus joking around just as they
had the summer before, Dean and Hermione walking together slower behind them as they
inspected the snow ridden beach and the icy waters surrounding them.
They stayed up all night talking, eating sweets and playing cards.
“So let me get this straight, Fred tried to order a butterbeer from a muggle pub?” Dean
chuckled while Airakus and Seamus laughed uncontrollably . 
“Wait Airy , where's Remus weren't we supposed to help him with the boxes?” Seamus asked.  
“Probably in his room with the dog....” Airakus shrugged, Sirius was Padfoot again around
Dean, so the dog was technically not far of f from the truth.
“It's nearly 2 in the damn morning Sea, I bet he's sleeping?” Dean laughed, Seamus hit him
with a pillow . Eventually they all fell asleep, the next morning no one woke up until around
11.They got up earlier the next day , given it was their last day before school was back in, they
wanted to make the best of it.
“Want to go hunt that ghost then?” Airakus asked Seamus who nodded excitedly , Dean
freezing, the spoon in his oatmeal falling into the bowl, Hermione shaking her head in
disappointment.  
“No way!” Hermione retorted dramatically . “Then by all means stay here Granger , but if we
get eaten by a Demon because V elma didn't come with us then it's your fault!” Airakus
groaned, appreciative of his halfblood friends for not asking him who V elma was. “Fine”
Hermione gave in, the boys all smiling, Seamus and Airakus rushing downstairs, Dean and
Hermione following.
The kids went ghost hunting all afternoon, Seamus nearly falling through the floorboards of
the old manor as they did so.
Eventually the sun began to set so they made their way back to the house, eating dinner and
going upstairs given they had to get up early the next morning.
The kids were still all awake, so Airakus decided to pull out the old dvd player , and force his
friends to watch his favourite movies.
Rocky Horror Picture Show traumatized Hermione, and then Dead Poets Society made Dean
a striving actor , by the time Fern gully even started the kids were all asleep.
At around midnight, everyone was already asleep, Airakus crept out of the room and down
the stairs into the kitchen, pouring himself a glass of water as he sat down in the living room
in front of the crackling fire.
“Cant sleep?” Seamus asked as he sat down beside Airakus, startling the boy slightly before
he calmed down at the sight of his best mate.
“No, nightmares I suppose..." Airakus replied, Seamus nodded. Seamus never pried, he never
asked about the nightmares, only ever sat with Airakus reminding him that he was loved,
that's what best mates were for after all.
“How was Draco, you saw him while we were at the burrow right?” Seamus asked, Airakus
sighing, of course Seamus knew that he had seen Draco that day .
“He was alright, gave me a present, so I got him one too, gonna give him his when we get
back to school...” Airakus sighed as he stared out the window . 
Seamus raised an eyebrow at him.
“Malfoy really? That's surprising eh?” Seamus asked, his tone implying something that
Airakus was rather tired of hearing recently .
“Come of f Seamus, it's not like that alright?” Airakus tried, but Seamus wasn't buying it.
“I bought him a ring...” Airakus pulled the gift out of his pocket and handed it to Seamus.“You're screwed, almost as screwed as I am mate.” Seamus chuckled, Airakus laughing as
well, staring out the window , his heart in his throat.
Chapter End Notes
alright so this is like six chapters in one, take me seriosuly when I say I do NOT
seperate them properly . 
Anywho, weve got some great friendhship goals towards the end, and a great new years
like bro cmon.  
COME ON BILL AND CHARLIE WITH THE CLUUUTCH>>>>Bad Moon, Good Day
Chapter Summary
Airakus and Draco talk it out, another bad moon...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning was a rushed goodbye, the kids used the floo network to get to the
platform.
The kids got on the train early , it was only 10 so there were barely any other students around.  
They found their usual compartments, sitting down with Neville who always arrived early . 
Soon Harry , Ron and Ginny joined them happily , the kids talking about the rest of their
breaks as they slowly made their way back to Hogwarts.
They stayed chatting, telling the others about their ghost hunt story before Airakus saw a
blonde boy walk swiftly past the compartment.
“I've got to use the loo, be back in a second..." Airakus mumbled as he left the compartment
and rushed to the bathrooms where he found Draco washing his hands.
“You didn't come visit...” Draco said quietly as Airakus crossed the room swiftly , Draco
taking a step back.
“Couldn't, W easleys were on my arse all week and then we went back to W ales, buuuuuuuut I
got you this!” Airakus smiled as he handed Draco the ring, the boy taking it and inspecting it
in the dull light.
“You're such a weirdo” Draco sighed with a chuckle as he put the ring on, looking back at
Airakus with a grin.
“I'm aware,” Airakus grinned as he watched Draco inspect the ring, spinning it on his finger .
They stood there, Airakus admiring Draco for a few moments before Draco sighed and sat on
the counter top, Airakus leaning beside him.
“I told Pansy , about this..." Draco gestured between the two of them as he stared down at
Airakus.
“Seamus knows as well,” Airakus sighed as he closed his eyes, not knowing what Draco
would say .“Alright” Draco said softly , Airakus turning to him shocked.  
“Alright? Thought you'd be mad” Airakus chuckled, Draco shaking his head.  
“I'm just sorry I ran away that night at the ball, I could have stayed, I just got scared..." Draco
began ranting, but Airakus stopped him by placing his hand over top of Draco's pale one.
When Airakus returned to the compartment, Seamus gave him a knowing glance before he
tackled Harry to the ground, the entire compartment erupting in laughter .
They arrived back at the castle soon enough, the day passing like the wind.
The next task was in about a month.  
During February , Airakus prepared for at least 3 weeks of the most boring classes ever . 
Airakus spent the next week running about with his friends, pulling pranks with the twins,
talking with Seamus, bothering Ron and Hermione and practicing Quidditch with Harry and
Neville who they were trying to train for next Quidditch season.
He and Draco didn't see each other outside of classes, but they had started passing notes in
class under the desks, Pansy and Seamus giving them strange looks.
The Moon came faster than Airakus had realized, mostly because when he woke up and stood
to go shower , his knees gave out and he fell to the ground.
“Morning Fred, Geor ge!” Airakus yawned from the floor of the dorm, his dorm mates
surrounding him, Ron, Seamus, Harry and Neville all sat about, clearly having given up,
Dean standing beside Airakus with the twins who Seamus had ran to get. This had happened
once before, and the twins and Dean were the only ones tall enough to help carry Airakus to
the Hospital W ing.
“Round two then?” Airakus smirked as Fred rolled his eyes and helped Dean heave him up,
the three boys slowly trudging down the hallway as Airakus stumbled around in between
them.  
Dean's arm was over Airakus’ s shoulder , Geor ges around his waist as they walked the boy
out of the common room, Airakus playing dead or pretending to be being taken away
whenever he saw a first year .
“What's wrong this time?” Geor ge chuckled after Airakus scared the shit out of another first
year.
“Woke up from a nightmare, as per usual, tried to get out of bed, walked about two feet
before my knees gave out and woke up everyone given when I fell I full on went “fucking
fuck” at the top of my lungs.” Airakus smiled at the twins who both chuckled, Dean rolling
his eyes.
“Sounds like you, please tell me you were coming to get us?” Fred asked with a sigh.
“Nope, was going to the kitchens, pour my heart out to Dobby , maybe have a snack, get
caught by Filch and spend all night in detention!” Airakus sighed as they turned around
corner , the tall boy playing dead as the small first year squealed and rushed of f.They arrived at the hospital wing, Madame Pomfrey was awake this time given breakfast had
started a few moments ago, she sighed as she helped Fred, Geor ge and Dean get Airakus onto
a bed.
“You know what this means, bad symptoms equal bad moons....” Poppy sighed sadly ,
frowning as she did over a few calming spells to calm Airakus’ s joints, letting his knees bend
again.
“I know Poppy , there's nothing I can do,” Airakus replied, Poppy rolled her eyes. “Only
warning you,” She sighed in response before she patted him on the head, turning and strutting
off to her storage closet to find the potions Airakus would need for that night given the moon
was tomorrow .
Airakus slept for the rest of the day , the potion Madame Pomfrey gave him knocking him out
until after dinner . The next day when Airakus woke up everything hurt, he felt like he was
falling apart. Nobody came to visit him, though he assumed it had to do with the fact that
Madame Pomfrey had been guarding the door to the hospital wing for the past six hours.
“Time to go Mr .Rosier!" Poppy sighed as she helped Airakus out of his bed, the two walking
down to the Whomping W illow in the dark. Airakus didn't reply , and he didn't say goodbye to
the Medi-W itch even after she left, or after she had stopped crying silently in the hallway
outside his silver guarded door . He just waited with a sorrowful look out the one window ,
waiting to be torn apart.
When he woke up he was on the floor of the shack naked, as per usual, he had a lar ge scratch
down his leg and a deeper gash on his hip.
He was bleeding pretty roughly , Airakus groaned as he heard himself onto the small cot,
laying down exhausted as he awaited Poppy . 
Madame Pomfrey came to get Airakus soon after , apparating them back due to the amount of
bleeding, Airakus fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow of the hospital bed. When he
woke up there were gingers everywhere, as per usual.
“Morning” Airakus groaned as he tried to sit up, someone's hands automatically on his back
to hold him as he dramatically fell backwards due to the dizziness that overtook him.
“Jesus Airakus, take it slow , you lost nearly three pints of blood!” Draco shook his head,
Airakus stopped panicking the minute he heard the other boy , calming down as he laid back
into his pillow . “Why hello there Blondie, how are you?” Airakus asked. “Y ou haven't called
me that in forever ,” Draco scof fed, Airakus rolling his eyes..
“Why are you down here? Y ou should be in class shouldn't you?” Airakus asked with a sigh,
he was a bit high of f his pain draughts and wasn't sure if Malfoy was even there at all.
“No, it's not even six yet.” Draco sighed as he ran his hand through Airakus’ s hair .
“Am I dead?” Airakus smiled cheekily , waving his hand in front of his face, a few people
around laughed before Airakus saw a familiar blob come towards him. “Too many painkillers
I see, I knew I shouldn't have left all three over here.” Madame Pomfrey sighed.Airakus groaned, his eyes rolling back as he stretched slightly , when he finally opened his
eyes he realized that yes, everyone was surrounding his bed, and yes they were all waiting for
him to talk.
“Morning” Airakus said with a chuckle, Harry rolling his eyes as everyone else copied his
action.
“You almost bled out dipshit!” Seamus said, his eyes puf fy. 
“Sea, were you crying?’ Airakus asked, Seamus shook his head no, Dean nodded.  
Airakus chuckled as he sat up more in his bed.
“Im immortal, I couldn't bleed out, it was the extra stuf f!” Airakus scof fed, Madame Pomfrey
began to speak but turned around reluctantly , deciding against ar guing with the kid. Airakus
hugged Seamus tightly , Geor ge and Dean watching them curiously for a moment.
“When are you back in the dorms?” Hermione asked, Airakus shrugged.
“Pop, when am I allowed back?” Airakus shouted over to Madame Pomfrey , she sighed.
“Tomorrow after lunch if your wound heals, which will only happen if everyone LEA VES!”
Poppy replied snarkily , which led to everyone scurrying out of the Hospital W ing after a few
quick goodbyes.
“Poppy , was erm…was he here?” Airakus asked after the doors had closed, Madame Pomfrey
sitting beside him cleaning up more of his wound on his arm.
“Yes, Mr .Malfoy was here all night and basically all morning until Mr .Finnigan caught him
and told him to leave before the others got here.....” Poppy smiled with a slight frown. "I
don't think he was very happy to leave." Poppy stated, turning swiftly . 
Airakus rolled his eyes with a smile. He hadn't dreamt it at all.
Chapter End Notes
THEY ARE BESTIES.  
SEAMUS IS SO KING GOALS>  
Full moons are hard to wrtie because I dont want to write about the actual moons given
some of my friends who edit have tough times with violance, so Im trying to chill it out
and consistantly write the full moons the same.  
Anwyho, MALFOY IS SO NWUIKGNKSUYVFHKUDiggory?
Chapter Summary
Preparation for the second task.  
A run in with Diggory . 
Some of Harry's secrets.  
Another full moon.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The following weeks flew by , Airakus going to classes with his friends, playing Quidditch
with Harry and the twins, reading every hour of the night to avoid the nightmares that were
occupying his unconscious mind more frequently with each moon.
Before Airakus knew it, the next moon was that night, he went with Madame Pomfrey , taking
his pain killers and sleep potions, remaining relatively unharmed.
Him and Draco were still in that awkward not hanging out phase.  
It was mostly because of the panic Harry was enduring surrounding the coming of the second
task, along with the fact that Draco had suddenly been swept into a friend group full of
Beauxbaton girls.
“Harry , have you even tried to figure out the egg? The second task is next weekend!”
Hermione bar ged into the boys dorms, Harry and Ron groaned, Airakus burying his head into
Seamus’ s shoulder as Dean and Neville sank back into their beds trying to hide from the
wrath of Hermione Jean Granger .
“No Mione I haven't, I've been enjoying my life, as I should be!” Harry groaned as Hermione
smacked him in the head with his own pillow , Airakus was then dragged of f to the Library
with Harry , Hermione, Ron and a shiny golden egg.
“Bye Seamus, talk to you later mate!” He screeched up the stairs at his friends as Hermione
quite literally dragged him by his ankle down the stairs and out of the common room.
“Mrs Granger…..what are you doing?” Professor Mcgonagall asked as the four kids rounded
a corner .
“We need to help Harry with the egg, Airakus here didn't want to leave his precious boyfriend
Seamus so I made him!” Hermione seethed, Airakus kicking her leg jokingly , the boys all
laughing. Mcgonagall sighed with a shake of her head.“Don't let him hit his head alright?” Minnie asked, not wanting to ar gue with Hermione.  
Airakus sighed, shaking his head, mimicking his professor . “Too late for that Professor , she
pulled me down the stairs, I almost DIED!” Airakus shouted, Hermione squeezing his ankle
tighter to shut him up.
Mcgonagall rolled her eyes, “Ill be seeing you all in class, and Mr .ROsier , do tell Remus that
me and Poppy are coming this year for Easter ." Minnie sighed as she left.
“Easter?” Ron asked as they entered the Library , Airakus finally standing and following
without a peep.  
“Yea, next month, it's a Holiday dipshit?" Airakus flicked Ron in the side of the head, the
ginger rolling his eyes as Hermione gave AIrakus a look as if he was an idiot. “I know that
tosser , what does she mean by ‘see you at Easter?’” Ron asked, Airakus sitting down beside
Ron, Harry across from them with the egg as Hermione rushed of f to find books.
“It means she's coming to my house for Easter , therefore she will be seeing me as an Easter .”
it was Airakus’ s turn to roll his eyes now . “Big Easter for you this year then?” Harry asked,
almost sadly , Airakus nodded. “Whole family , Remus, Sirius, T onks, Minnie, hopefully Mary
and Moody if he answers my letters....” Airakus sighed, “Oh and Seamus and his mum” he
nodded. “Sirius?” Harry asked, Airakus was about to nod again when Hermione returned,
saving the day once again.
Airakus kept for getting that Harry didn't know that Sirius was living with them, that Sirius
and Remus were married, that Sirius had been able to see Harry for the past seven months but
had been failing to do so for the boys own safety , and Airakus doubted that Harry would
agree. They had zero luck with the egg, Ron and Hermione deciding to continue to study ,
rather Hermione decided and Ron agreed so that they could be alone.  
Airakus and Harry decided to go for a walk out on the bridge.  
It was cold, it was the end of February and the two were in their robes and scarves, neither
having the foggiest as to how the champions were about to swim in the lake when it was this
cold.
Harry and Airakus were talking, minding their own business when Cedric Diggory came
rushing up to the younger boys. “Potter!” Cedric called, Harry groaned, not wanting to talk to
the boy who had helped the entire school make pins that said ‘potter stinks’ on them.
“Potter!” Cedric called again, getting closer , neither of the younger boys answered as the two
began slightly walking away . “HARR Y!” Cedric yelled, Harry stopped and turned
begrudgingly to face the taller boy . “I just wanted to say thanks, for the tip about the
Dragons..." Cedric thanked as he caught his breath, Harry nodding annoyed while Airakus
looked between them with furrowed eyebrows. “Yea no problem” Harry sighed, turning to
walk away with Airakus who was standing slightly behind him.
“I wanted to repay you!” Cedric smiled, Harry paused, Airakus saw his ears go red, how they
did when they talked about Cho. Airakus smirked as Harry turned around, laughing
uncomfortably . 
“You know the perfect bathroom on the fifth floor? It's not a bad place for a bath? Bring your
egg to…mull things over in the hot water ...” Cedric half whispered to Harry who was
positively bright red by now .Harry nodded, Cedric smiled, the older boy nodding to Airakus before he rushed away , Harry
walking to Airakus slowly .
“Bit red there Potter>” Airakus teased, Harry’ s eyes widened. “What!?” His voice cracked,
Airakus laughed.  
“Do you think he was asking you...you know?” Airakus asked in a teasing manner , Harry
looked at him, his eyes wide before his eyebrows sank, glancing back towards Cedric who
was walking away with a slight skip. “Hopefully” Harry laughed uncomfortably .
“Airy?” Dean asked as he entered the dorm late that night. “What's going on? Why are you
smiling?” Dean asked nervously , when Airakus was smiling for nor reason, there was usually
a Weasley twin waiting somewhere to jinx you.
“Nothing,” Airakus smiled, continuing to write the letter he was going to send to Draco,
asking to meet up.
“Who's that for?” Dean asked as he was putting his books away , gesturing to the letter
Airakus was writing.
“Nobody ,” Airakus replied nonchalantly , Dean nodding.
“Oh c'mon Airy , tell meee” Dean bothered, but before he could look at the letter Neville,
Seamus and Ron returned to the dorm, Harry was gone for most of the afternoon.
The boys went to bed without Harry , Airakus waiting up for him outside of the door with
Seamus who didn't even bother asking where he was.
“How was it?” Airakus asked when they saw Harry coming up the stairs.  
“I figured out the egg!" Harry grinned, Seamus leaping up, AIrakus shaking his head. "W as
he?" Airakus asked, Harry frowning slightly . "No.” Harry sighed, Airakus scof fed, Seamus
raised an eyebrow . 
“Huh?” Seamus asked as the two other boys entered the dorm, Seamus bothered them until
he eventually gave up, realizing that Airakus wasn't going to tell him and Harry was already
asleep, the golden egg sitting on his nightstand, a post-it note with 'tell Hermione' etched on it
stuck to its shiny surface.
Chapter End Notes
I don't really wanna write too much about harry's sexuality given Im trying to stick to
the main few characters (Seamus and Airakus, maybe Geor ge too), but yea, hes kinda
gay for Cedric, and the W easley boys (Bill and Charlie) and sort of for Sirius Black but
we chill on that one.  
Also yes, Minnie and Poppy will be active gays in this because I said so and I am the
narraratotoorooorrrr so I win.Second Task
Chapter Summary
The second task.  
Barty Crouch Sr . 
Short chap...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus got a letter back agreeing to meet him in the empty classroom the next day , so he
slipped away from his mates after dinner and ran to the classroom, waiting for Malfoy .
When he got there Draco was already in the room, his hair wasn't in place and he was madly
trying to make it stay .
“Like your hair Malfoy!” Airakus grinned to Draco as he closed the door and cast a locking
spell before he crossed the room, reaching out and ruf fling Draco's hair .
“Oh shove of f mate” Draco lightly pushed Airakus away . Airakus just grabbed Draco’ s knee
to keep himself steady , the other boy looking from his hand to Airakus wide eyed.
“Sorry” Airakus ripped his hand away as Draco’ s ears went bright red, the boy staring at his
shoes as Airakus laughed to himself.
They talked for a while longer , Draco asking Airakus to hangout with him and Pansy after the
second task, Airakus agreeing before he had to rush of f before Seamus came hunting him
down.
Soon enough, it was the day before the last task, Harry had figured out how to listen to the
egg in the bathroom, without Diggory much to Airakus’ s distaste.  
Airakus had been sneering at Cedric for days now , out of spite of course.
Airakus, Ron, Hermione and Harry were in the Library the afternoon before the task.
Hermione was being short with everyone, Airakus and Ron were passing a bean bag back and
forth while Harry sat hunched over a parchment with the song on it trying to tune out
Hermione's stressed ideas.
“Professor Mcgonagall would like to see you two in her of fice.” Moody scof fed as he found
the four kids. Airakus tensed, as did Hermione.  
“Us two sir?” Hermione asked, Moody rolled his eyes. “You and…” Moody turned and
looked at Airakus, “and you” his eyes were glossy , as if he weren't really there. “Oh and
Weasley , Your brothers are looking for you.” Moody said to Ron, who rolled his eyes.“That'll be cheery!” Ron mumbled as he walked of f to test out whatever dumb prank Fred
and Geor ge had planned for him.
Hermione and Airakus walked up the stairs to Professor Dumbledore's of fice angrily ,
Mcgonagall was leading them up the winding staircase and Airakus was growing far more
confused and anxious each step they took.
‘Was this about Remus, Moody?’ Airakus thought about looking around Dumbledore's of fice
when the door opened.  
There were two girls sitting in the room as well, Cho Chang and a young girl from
Beauxbatons.  
“Mrs.Granger , Mr.Rosier , have a seat!” Dumbeldore smiled widely at the two who sat down
hesitantly , sharing a look of nervousness with each other .
“The second task is tomorrow , each champion will have to search the boundaries of the lake
to find their hidden treasure of some sorts,” Dumbeldore explained. The kids nodded
confused.
“You've been selected as said treasures." Dumbledore smiled. Airakus tensed slightly , he
knew where this was going and he didn't like it.  
“Mrs.Delacour , for your sister , Mrs.Chang, for Mr .Diggory , Mrs.Granger , for Mr .Krum and
Mr.Rosier , for Mr .Potter” Dumbledore smiled, Airakus chuckled slightly . “What's funny?”
the small blonde girl (Fleur's sister) asked, confused.  
“Cho and Mione got chosen over their best friends?” Airakus asked Dumbeldore who
nodded. “Love is a driving factor ," Dumbeldore smiled.  
“Better of fer Cho for Harry then...” Airakus mumbled to which Hermione smacked him in
the back of the head.
The next day , the kids were then prepared, prepared to be drowned. They were spelled and
tied to the bottom of the lake, Airakus’ s eyes were closed, they were paralyzed so that they
didn't drown, given that wouldn't be pleasant.
Airakus and Fleur's sister resurfaces, the older boy helping the small girl to the stands as he
was lifted out of the water suddenly , scaring the shit out of him.
Airakus was engulfed into a hug.
”I THOUGHT YOU DIED WHEN CHO CAME BACK UP I KNEW YOU WERE DOWN
THERE YOU ARSEHOLE!” Seamus yelled as he shook Airakus harshly , pulling him back
into a tight hug even though the boy was soaking wet.  
“MR FINNIGAN! LANGUAGE!” Flitwick yelled at Seamus who nodded and let go of
Airakus, handing him a towel as Harry suddenly burst through the surface and landed on the
dock, Seamus and Dean rushing to get him towels.
Airakus rushed of f to change and before he knew it he was rushing through the crowds of
people headed inside, Airakus heading back to the lake to meet Draco and Pansy .
He had barely even noted how distressed Harry had looked, or how he had gotten second
place after coming up last.  He just wanted to get the water out of his ears, and to go see the Slytherins.
When he arrived, Draco basically tackled him into a bear hug.  
“I THOUGHT YOU DIED YOU ARSEHOLE!” Draco screamed at him.  
“That's exactly what Seamus said.” Airakus chuckled as Pansy tugged Draco away , standing
in front of Airakus, the boy's smile dropping as he made eye contact with the stern girl.
“You hurt him, I break you.” Pansy seethed as she gripped Airakus’ s hand in a firm
handshake, Draco rolling his eyes as Airakus nodded.
Pansy was actually really funny . 
She really cared about her friends, that much was clear from the threats she continued to
make over Draco’ s happiness, something Airakus was glad to hear . 
The three of them began to walk towards the edge of the forest before they were called back
to the castle by Hagrid, who's face with white as a ghost.
Something had happened and they needed the students to head back to their dorms.
Barty Crouch Sr .
Airakus thought he should be sad.  
Barty was technically one of his only family still alive.  
But he was blank as he stared at Harry and Seamus who were telling him what had happened,
Dean,Ron and Neville surrounding them nervously .
"You just...found him? Just like that?" Airakus asked, Harry nodding as the other boys all
gave one another pale glances.  
"they're investigating what happened, Hagrid said it was magic that killed him..." Harry
added.  
"The killing curse?" Dean asked, Harry going pale as he nodded slowly .
Airakus stared out the window  
Nightmares would be bad that night, that was one thing he knew .
Chapter End Notes
yesssiiirrrr  
I don't agree with past me for writing AIrkaus into this chapter instead of Ron, because
Ron and Harry are like supposed to be perfect for one another best friends, and Airakus
and Seamus are W AAAA YYYY closer than Airakus and Harry in this fic, but then again
I think I was more writing it because fleurs sister was the price for her , and Airakus is
the closest thing Harry has to an actual brother . 
I nearly for got to add that he died given its so irrelevant in the movies (which im
watching on repeat while I post these chapters given I wrote this like months ago) im
currently on page 416 out of 623 (increasing every minutes cause Im still writing) so wemight slow down on the posting obv . 
No draco in this chap :/Easter 1994 pt1
Chapter Summary
Aftermath, Holidays and Nymphadora T onks.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus owled Remus right away , Harry doing the same, everyone was quiet that night, no
party , no laughing W easley twins, everyone was quiet for the first time in months. The next
few days in the castle were silent, the staf f were on edge given the Ministry had been in and
out of the school investigating the culprit and the students were all gossiping as Hogwarts
students did.
He thought he should be more sad, but with the break coming up and the full moon hovering
over Airakus like a ticking time bomb, he was too distracted to feel grief over the man he
barely knew .
Easter break was in a few days, so everyone was trying to last the week or so before the
break. Airakus was hanging out with the twins, Harry and Seamus more and more, eating all
the chocolate he could get his hands on and playing enough pranks to earn him month long
detentions. After an extremely eventful April Fools Day and one hell of a birthday party for
the twins, the students were all of f on Easter Break at last.
Airakus was sitting in the train compartment with his dorm mates and Hermione, Seamus and
him playing wizards chess, Ron giving Seamus pointers while Hermione read, Dean
watching the game with Harry intensely . 
“So, what are all of you doing for the holidays? W e've barely even talked about it,” Dean
asked curiously looking around the cramped compartment at all his friends.  
"Well, Sea’ s coming round to mine all break, his mum, me, my family , big old Easter dinner ,
all that shit.” Airakus chuckled as Seamus threw a sweet at him with a smirk.
“Mione and Harry are at mine” Ron added as he whispered into Seamus’ s ear the next move
to make, Seamus listening to him exactly given he sucked arse at W izards Chess, he and
Dean had only played normal chess and the violence of the game was cool, but confused him.
“What about you Dean?” Airakus asked, given Dean was clearly feeling a bit, left out to say
the least.  
“Massive old Thomas family Easter!” Dean rolled his eyes, Seamus snickering.  
“Carol gonna be there?” Seamus grinned, Dean nodded through a laugh as the two broke into
hysterical laughter , eventually telling the group the story of Deans great aunt Carol who madestrange casserole and tried to teach Dean to play piano when he was younger but he would
just play the star wars theme over and over again.
They made it to Kings Cross and bid their farewells, the kids claiming that they'd write which
everyone knew was untrue, other than Dean and Seamus, who seemed to write eachother in
the dorm for god's sake.
“SEAMUS, AIRAKUS!” Remus and Fiona (Seamus’ s mom) screeched as the two boys were
tackled onto the sidewalk outside the train station by a big black dog.
"How was the train?" Remus asked while Fiona poked and prodded her son, inspecting him
with a furrowed brow , commenting on his hair which was getting rather long and untamed as
was Airakus's.  
"Fine," Airakus replied, ignoring the questioning glance Remus gave him.  
He had really wanted to see Malfoy again before they left, but here he was on the platform,
and Draco was nowhere to be seen.
They side apparated back to W ales, Seamus vomiting into the kitchen sink given he had
never apparated before. Airakus laughed at him from the living room while Fiona and Remus
took their seats, the kettle boiling vaguely in the distant while Airakus dragged Seamus
upstairs. The boys burst into Airakus's room, tossing their bags onto their respective beds
when a suddenly a knock rattled against the door . Airakus turned to be face to face with none
other than Nymphadora T onks.
“TONKS!” Airakus screeched as he engulfed them into a hug, Seamus and T onks both
laughing slightly at the boy's excitement. “When did you get here!?” Airakus rambled, his
eyes wide with joy as he let go of the witch, whos hair was tied back in tight braids, a dark
shade of blue.  
“Last night.” T onks replied, her eyes too, wide with joy .
“I'm Seamus Finnigan” Seamus bumbled, sticking out his hand for a handshake to the witch
whom he had never met.  
Tonks laughed and shook his hand firmly . “Fancy , a handshake, I'm not that old!” T onks
snickered Airakus and Seamus laughing with her . 
“I'm T onks, I've heard loads about you of course!” They smiled, letting go of Seamus’ s hand
as the kids began chatting with Nymphadora.
Dinner that night was one of the most comforting things Airakus had ever experienced.  
The Burrow dinners were great, and they made him feel at home, but sitting at a table with
HIS family was brilliant.  
The Lupins were sitting in the dining room for the first time in months, Remus at the head of
the table, Sirius and Airakus to either side of him.  
Tonks was beside Sirius, Seamus beside Airakus and the other half of the table was empty ,
soon to be filled with their guests for Easter . 
They had pasta for dinner , Hope and L yalls famous homemade red sauce.  
Airakus was on his sixth helping while Remus was on his fourth.
“Im done!” Remus sighed in defeat as he pushed his plate away with a dramatic glance to
Airakus.“Rosier , you just beat him; THE Remus Lupin!” Sirius exclaimed as he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair
proudly , the boy rolling his eyes as he swallowed another mouthful of his dinner , the empty
pit one would call his stomach still as bottomless as ever . 
“Wouldn't be the first time. I've got his appetite times seven!” Airakus teased, Remus rolling
his eyes as Seamus nodded in agreement.  
“Got that from Evan, he always needed to do everything seven times better ,” Sirius sighed
with a smile, Remus nodding, his grin faultering slightly as the table grew more silent.
Remus glanced to Sirius, who did not exchange the look.  
“I finished my homework over the Christmas break in one day , the next year when he stayed
at ours for the holiday , that little shit stayed up all night with Regulus and finished it before
me. Then the both of them ran into my room and gloated!” Sirius laughed, T onks .  
“And my god Sirius remember that story you always told me about him and Barty?" T onks
chimed in, neither one of them seeing Remus and Fiona's nervous glances in-between
Airakus and the Blacks. "Oh yes! That ones hilarious, mate, you wouldn't believe this but I'm
being honest it actually happened.....we were in fifth year and it was James's birthday , we
threw this massive party in the common room and the twats hid in Chris's dorm, cast this
cloud charm over the entire common room, drenched us all!" Sirius grinned as he reminisced.
"You know , Remus was the one who taught them that charm really , we were in like second
year or something and we planned this massive prank on Snivellus, anyways, we all got
detention but it was so worth it!" Sirius rambled, Remus standing abruptly . "Who wants
desert?" He asked, Sirius clearly having struck a nerve. "Me!" Seamus chimed in, Airakus
waving his hand at Remus. "I'm still eating slow down!" He teased, T onks and Seamus
snickering as Sirius stalked of f, following Remus into the kitchen. Airakus ignored the
silence charm that they cast, and just continued eating while Seamus and T onks rambled.
That night Airakus and Seamus rewatched the Dead Poets Society . It had become a favourite
of Seamus’ s since christmas. Remus walked into the lounge near the start, to see the
beginning of the movie playing on their small old box tv . “Whatcha watching?” Remus
asked, his hot chocolate in hand as he stepped down into the lounge.  
“Dead Poets” Airakus repsoned, his eyes already glued to the screen.  
Remus launched himself onto the couch, nearly spilling his hot chocolate.  
“Has Seamus seen it before!?” Remus asked. “Yea at Christmas” Airakus responded, Remus
smiled.  
“I love this film” He mumbled, Airakus smiling.
Halfway through the movie, the entire living room was scattered with people, Sirius as
Padfoot curled in a ball, T onks laying on the floor , Airakus in the middle of the couch, hands
covering his face, Seamus sobbing in a corner and Remus on his third hot chocolate.  
The two teenage boys went upstairs to bed in shambles as they had that Christmas.  
“I love that movie!” Seamus sobbed slightly , wiping his eyes once more, sitting on the edge
of his bed as Airakus opened a pack of bertie botts of every flavoured bean.
Airakus nodded as he stuf fed his face full of candy . He had a lot from the trolley witch and he
wasn't planning on bringing any back to school in three days just for Ron to snoop around
and find them all. “Got a quill?” Seamus asked as he stood and walked towards his trunk.  
“Why , writing Dean already?” Airakus shrieked, Seamus shook his head with a scof f. 
“Well, yes actually , but bugger of f twat." Seamus scof fed as Airakus handed him an extra
quill that he had in his night side table.“Lemme read it before you send it, I love snooping around your relationship!” Airakus
chimed in as Seamus went to fold the note he had just finished writing.  
“We don't have a relationship Airy” Seamus rolled his eyes as he handed his best mate the
letter .
 
Dear Dean,
It's me, obviously nobody else writes to you. W e had a good first day here in W ales. Me and
Airy watched the Dead Poets Society with his family tonight, I cried again. Dinner was nice,
we're going to walk to town to get things for supper tomorrow morning! Professor
Mcgonagall is coming for Easter Dinner tomorrow night, so I'm going to burn my homework
tonight to hide the fact that I haven't, and won't be doing it! T ell your sisters I say ‘hullo, im
better than Dean’ and tell your mother that I love her and that we can get it on when I visit
next time.
Write me back you tosser , 
Love,  
Seamus
 
Airakus grinned, Seamus scof fed. 
“What?” he asked, grabbing the letter from Airakus’ s hand, folding it into an envelope and
sending it of f with his small brown owl all while Airakus giggled, his grin covering his entire
face.
“What's so funny Airy?” Seamus laughed a little, Airakus rolled onto his back in his bed.  
“You wrote, ‘Love, Seamus’” Airakus smiled, Seamus’ s smirk dropped as he basically tried
to leap out the window after the owl.  
The rest of the night was spent with Seamus panicking and Airakus eating his chocolates,
Airakus trying to console Seamus through his own laughter .
Chapter End Notes
just sayin here, that T onks and Remus do not get togehter in this, and Sirius doesnt die,
nor does Fred given I cant bring myself to make Lupin emo depressed, or Geor ge emo
depressed.  
So No Death :)))))))))  
And T onks is super gay anyways so....Easter 1994 pt2
Chapter Summary
Easter Letters, boy crazy Seamus, David and Oliver W ood.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning Airakus woke up first. It was early , the sun was just rising, which was
perfect. He showered and got dressed, tugging on his mismatched socks before he woke up
Seamus, who showered and got dressed as well, the two eating their eggs quickly , bidding
farewell to Remus and T onks (Sirius still being asleep) before dashing out the back door
towards town.
“You should write Harry ,” Seamus chimed in as the two walked through the woods, similar to
over Christmas, Airakus was walking on the fallen trees and climbing on the branches,
Seamus following him as he peered around the thick woods, looking for something exciting.
“Why?” Airakus asked, confused. He had written Harry over the summer , given they all
knew how horrible his family was and that he needed the reminder that his friends liked him,
but he was at the W easleys for this break, there really was no need. “About how Sirius is
here” Seamus replied, as if that were the most obvious thing in the world.
“I can't, and neither can you!” Airakus nearly shouted, Seamus almost falling of f the log he
was standing on due to the sudden noise. “Sorry mate, just, you know that he's here because
you came for the holiday . You're my best mate and your mum knows that he's here given
she's friends with Remus and all, its just..." Airakus paused, glancing around them as if
checking for spies. "Harry knows that Sirius is alright, he was at the W easleys over Christmas
you know that its just....Sea, he doesn't know that they're together , in any sense, and he can't
know for now , Remus told me not to tell him!” Airakus explained as the two boys stood
facing one another in the middle of the forest, Seamus nodding as he took in the information.
“Got it, no telling Harry about Sirius and no telling Harry about the homosexuals." Seamus
chuckled, Airakus smiling as they made their way closer towards town, both boys eager to
mess around all day , neither one excited to do the shopping for Remus. They bought the rolls
and the ham, the fancy napkins and the extra plastic cups. The two boys also grabbed some
muggle chocolates from the corner store with the leftover money . The market was open that
day, every muggle shop in slight ridden with fresh flowers and bread, Airakus continuously
hitting Seamus's wand from the boys hand, neither one of them very focused on the muggle
aspect of it all. They had finished their shopping, and it was getting late. They were walking
back towards the woods, their bags in hand, chatting shit as per usual, when Airakus was
tackled to the ground."AH!" Seamus screeched as he jumped back, caught of f guard, looking down at the sandy
blonde haired boy who was shaking Airakus violently , a maniacal grin plastered across his
face.
“AIR Y! YOUR HOME!?” David screeched as he hugged Airakus dramatically , helping the
taller boy up, Seamus watching all the while.
“Yea mate, for Easter!” Airakus grinned as he grabbed the grocery bag he had been carrying
from the ground.  
“New scar mate, gotta get rid of that damn dog if it keeps scratching you up!” David
chuckled as he gestured to the fresher scar on Airakus’ s leg from the last full moon.  
Airakus nodded with a soft laugh, David was the most gullible person he had ever met.
“Oh, this is Seamus Finnigan, Sea, this is David!" Airakus chuckled as he introduced his
friends who were eyeing each other stangely .
“He's cute, where'd you find him?” David smirked, still looking at the now blushing Seamus.  
“Oh come of f it you raging fairy , another friend from school!” Airakus rolled his eyes,
punching David in the arm jokingly . 
Seamus was frozen still, redder than Ron's hair as the two older friends laughed.
"You've got a lot of those now you know? Y ou better not for get about me." David warned
with a finger pointed at Airakus, the taller boy rolling his eyes.  
"Mate, I write you like once a month, how can I for get about you?" Airakus retorted, Davids
eyebrows shooting up.
“How's the situation going?” The muggle boy asked, Airakus rolled his eyes. The boys had
sent a few letters back and forth since Christmas, and David got to hear all about Airakus’ s
dumb not friend Draco Malfoy . It wasn't dangerous for David to know , it was David. He lived
in a shitty muggle town in W ales, with no telephone, limited stamps, and no idea that W izards
even existed.
“Fine, and it's not a ‘situation’' Airakus replied, glancing to Seamus nervously while David
rolled his eyes.
“You fancy him." David reminded Airakus who just sighed as the two looked at one another
testingly . "We have to head home, Remus'll kill me if we don't get back with food in time!"
Airakus chuckled, wanting to leave before David could continue teasing him. The boys said
their dramatic goodbyes, David begging Airakus to take him back, Airakus reminding David
that his mother would kill him if he wasn't home on Easter . David leaving with a dramatic
kiss on the cheek for Airakus and a wink to Seamus who continued to blush. Airakus and
Seamus began their walk back, David turning and heading towards the other end of town
where he lived.
“You're still red Sea,” Airakus chuckled.  
“He was....you heard what he said you piece of shit.” Seamus sneered as he rolled his eyes,
Airakus laughing.  
“You cannot fancy David, c'mon he's basically my son!” Airakus sighed dramatically ,
Seamus now punching Airakus in the arm, the two having a small wrestling match in thewoods before Seamus tapped out, Airakus being far bigger in general.  
“I don't fancy him, he was just......cute I guess....” Seamus stuttered out, growing red
automatically . 
“Oh damn it Seamus, not my son, not poor little David, hes crusty , mate he doesn't clean his
ears!” Airakus replied dramatically , flailing his hands in the air .
Seamus shriveled his shoulders a bit.  
“Yep sorry , gotta clean your ears, that's a deal breaker .” He scof fed, Airakus laughed as the
two continued walking back to the house.
They helped Remus make dinner , rushing upstairs after everything was more or so finished to
get changed into their ‘dinner clothes’. Airakus was now wearing brown pants and a white
button up, the sleeves bunched up to his elbows and the buttons slightly undone, the collar
wonky as his collars always were unless someone fixed it for him. Seamus was wearing the
same thing only his pants were black, they looked like proper waiters. They helped Sirius set
the table, T onks making the forks levitate to piss of f Sirius before Mrs.Finnigan arrived
through the fireplace with a man standing beside her . “MUM, DAD!” Seamus exclaimed as
he rushed from the dining room and into the lounge, bouncing over the step as he hugged his
parents. Airakus went to hug Fionna, who he was madly in love with, much to Seamus's
distaste, and to meet Mr .Finnigan, who was looking very uneasy and quite terrified.
Next to arrive was Minerva and Poppy , each holding some sort of strange fruit cake of sorts
that they had clearly tried to make from a muggle cookbook but failed.  
Remus waited a while longer at the back door , the man pacing between the door and the
fireplace filled with anticipation. At around seven, he gave up and got Airakus and Seamus to
help him bring out the snacks while they waited for the ham to finish.  
“There's a ginger at your door , I don't know which W easley it is, but there's one of them!”
Poppy sighed as she looked out the kitchen window , watching Percy who had just apparated
into their driveway .
Airakus and Remus rushed to the door , greeting Percy with smiles.  
“How are you Perc?” Seamus asked, beginning to talk to the older boy who they all knew
quite well. Airakus turned to Remus with a furrowed brow . “Whys he here, are the W easleys
coming?!” Airakus asked confused.  
“No Airy , he and Oliver are coming here for Easter , Molly didn't really want Percy spending
it at Oliver's so, well, you get the idea...” Remus smiled at Airakus sadly as the boy nodded in
understanding, Oliver soon arriving as well.
They finished dinner and mucked about, eating, laughing, and singing. Most of the adults
were drinking but Minerva had made it clear that Airakus and Seamus were not getting away
with drinking in her presence, as if they hadn't been bat shit wasted after the ball. “Fancy a
walk?” Airakus asked Seamus, who nodded excitedly . 
“Where are you two of f to?” T onks asked when the boys passed him and Oliver who were
sitting in the living room near the front door . 
“Walk down by the beach, should be nice, waters warm,” Airakus smiled, Oliver stood.  
“Can we come? to tired of adult conversations,” Oliver bugged, Airakus nodded, soon
enough the four of them were standing on the rocky beach near the water's edge, Airakusskipping rocks while Oliver threw them carelessly into the water , Seamus and T onks sat
laughing a few feet behind them.
“I dont think I've seen you since I graduated Rosier ,” Oliver said as he tossed another stone,
Airakus nodded.  
"Yea, sure heard alot about you!" Airakus teased, Oliver's brow sinking. "Y ea," He mumbled,
clearly not eager to discuss the W easleys dramatic christmas holiday .
Soon enough they went back inside, the night still far too cold. Oliver and Percy left soon
after, Minerva and Poppy after them, Mr and Mrs Finnigan helped clean up from dinner and
then they too left, Seamus waving goodbye to his parents, causing Airakus to furrow his
brow . Remus and T onks decided to go for a walk, which usually meant go smoke and joint,
and Sirius who had already gone for four ‘walks’ was asleep on the couch. Airakus and
Seamus crept upstairs after a game of cards on the porch, the moon high in the sky as Airakus
shut the door behind them.
The boys didn't go to bed, given they were 14 year olds. Instead they played wizards chess
and discussed dinner , and how hilarious it was to see Minerva Mcgonagall eating stuf fing
while talking to Oliver about how outraged she was about some soap opera getting cancelled
off the wizard equivalent of broadway .
“I mean, we get to remind her everyday until summer about how we watched her slowly get
pissed!” Seamus chuckled, the boys still chatting about Minnie while Airakus laughed. the
two were on Airakus's bed when when Airakus's owl flew back through the window , only it
had two letters attached to its ankle instead of one. “Whos it from?” Airakus asked as Seamus
untied the letters from the owl, Airakus giving the bird a treat before it skipped of f into its
cage in the corner of Airakus’ s room.
“Dean and your boyfriend,” Seamus rolled his eyes as he passed Airakus a green enveloped
letter , clearly from Draco.  
“Haha, you're very funny .” Airakus deadpanned sarcastically as he put the letter from Draco
aside, wanting to know what Dean had said first.
 
Dear Sea,
My holiday sucks as per usual. Moms family’ s oblivious, sure you know that by now . They
really are the most mugaly muggles on earth! Sounds like you and Airakus are having fun, is
that movie the one with T odd and Neil? Because if so I love and hate it, because it reminds
me of us all at school. Hope your Easter ’s alright, Ron wrote me last night, he's all mopey
because Hermione’ s been hanging out with Ginny instead of him, good on her , he's a prick.
Just kidding, but you probably know that you tosser . Also, I will not be reminding my mother
of your unhealthy obsession with her , Seamus, YOUR NOT DA TING MY MUM!
I'll see you on the train, I miss you Seamus.  
Love,  
Dean 
Seamus nearly fainted. He grinned, 'love dean' he kept mumbling under his breath.  
“Better write him back then Seamus, your romance is blossoming, oh don't we just love
love!” Airakus rolled his eyes, Seamus tossing a pillow at him as he tore open the letter from
Malfoy .
 
Dear Akis,
I've fled the manor , as per usual, and am staying with Luna.  
It's a shame that you're in W ales or we could see one another , but I suppose I'll wait till we’re
back at school.  
Pansy was over yesterday to see me and mother , she told me to say hello which was odd.  
Maybe she fancies you ;)
(Luna made me put the smiley face?)
Tell Seamus I said hello I suppose.
See you in a week.  
-D
 
Airakus sighed as he reread the letter , ignoring Seamus who was reading over his shoulder .
“He's not..that bad when he is around you....” Seamus sighed, Airakus nodding.  
“Yea, hes..hes better .” Airakus mumbled as he gave the owl a treat and scribbled a response,
sending it to Malfoy without another word.
 
Dear Dean,  
Muggles sound boring, also I am married to your mother , do not disrespect your stepfather
like this Deanold! Ginny wrote Airakus, said the same thing about Ron, poor love struck
puppy , he'll be all broken when we get back, perfect for some light bullying and harassment
about Hermione. Airakus needs his quill back so he can write to his dumb ginger pet, I'll see
you in two days, tell your sisters and MY WIFE that I say hello.
Love,  
Sea
 
Seamus wrote Dean, followed by his ranting about the taller boy for at least three hours.
Airakus just listened, eating sweets and staring out his window , eager to see Draco now more
than before.Chapter End Notes
Draco and Lunas friendhsip is legit just me spewing Regulus and Pandora with lighting
era characters ngl.  
Also Seamus is so me fr guys....  
Some Minnie and Poppy but not alot (guys their married)  
Also Perciver makes their RETURN  
And David is another OC inspired by one of my mates irl, hes a bad bitch (sorta like
Grant only him and AIrakus will NEVER get togheter)I'm a Werewolf?
Chapter Summary
End of easter , April/may full moon, Draco, and Dean Thomas.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day Seamus and Airakus flew around the side yard with T onks and Sirius. Remus
was the ‘coach’ which was just him screaming every few minutes to throw them of f their
rhythm. They all watched a movie together and Airakus and Seamus packed their trunks that
night, the train back to Hogwarts leaving the next morning.
Airakus and Seamus got to the station early , saying goodbye to Remus, Sirius and T onks
quickly at the house before taking the floo to the station and rushing to their compartment.
Neville showed up first, he had spent the break reading muggle books that Airakus had lent
him and he was currently halfway through Romeo and Juliet. Harry , Ron and Hermione came
in soon after , Ginny not far behind them. They were all talking about their breaks, when a
familiar dark haired boy came tumbling into the compartment, tackling Seamus. Dean and
Seamus hugged for a good minute before Seamus let go and awkwardly sat back down next
to Airakus who looked at him concerned.
The train started moving, the kids deep in conversation. When the train was halfway to
Hogsmeade, Airakus decided to go find the twins and Angelina. He was walking near the
back of the train when a door he was next to opened to reveal a familiar blonde Slytherin who
pulled him inside, the boy drawing the curtains and turning to Airakus.
“Jesus bloody fuck Malfoy you nearly gave me a heart attack!” Airakus chuckled, catching
his breath as Draco sat down, Airakus fumbling onto the opposite side of the compartment.  
He wondered why Draco was in there alone, but he thought it was best not to ponder on it too
long, given he was far to distracted by the other boy staring at him.
"How was your holiday?" Draco asked carefully , Airakus snickered slightly confused.  
"Good, how was yours?" Airakus replied, Draco shrugging as he glanced out the window , the
two sitting silently for a moment before Draco dug into his pocket, pulling out a lar ge
chocolate bar . 
"Want some?" He asked, Airakus smirking as he stood, sitting beside the boy , taking a chomp
right out of the chocolate bar , not even giving Draco a chance to move.  
"You are barbaric!" Draco sneered as he broke of f the squares individually , Airakus rolling
his eyes with a grin as he chewed his mouthful.He hadn't realised how long he had been there, but the train came to a halt at Hogsmeade
Station quite suddenly , Draco and Airakus both sitting in their robes, chocolate filling the air ,
looked at one another with wide eyes, running of f in seperate directions down the corridor
without a word. They had been there for nearly an hour .
Seamus was going to kill him!
“Ron, if you like her so much, ask her out!” Dean rolled his eyes,  
The boys were back in the dorm now , dinner having flown by , the carriage ride back being
filled with Airakus's defence as to where he had been for an hour of the train ride. THey had
barely been there two hours and Ron was already moping about Hermione.
“Yea like you're acting on it Dean." Ron sneered, Dean shot his head up, the entire dorm
suddenly feeling stale.  
“Ron, shut the fuck up!?” Dean snapped back.  
“No Dean, don't tell me how to deal with my bullshit, we have the same goddamn problem
Thomas!" Ron fired back.
With that the entire room was silent.  
Dean got up and stormed into the bathroom, slamming the door . Seamus closed his curtains,
Harry and Neville went to their beds and did the same, Airakus was glaring at Ron violently
angry .
“Ron, go to bed.” Airakus scof fed as Ron rolled over into his bed, closing his curtains with a
grunt.
Airakus sat there, in the dark, contemplating.  
Did he go and talk to Dean, be a good friend; or did he give him space and be a good friend?  
Was Ron talking about what Airakus had assumed he was talking about? Seamus? Well when
Dean got mad, which was a rare occasion, he would keep to himself. Airakus decided plan A,
try and talk to him, and if he doesn't want to talk then give him space, plan B was always an
option anyways....
Airakus stood from his bunk, ignoring the groan that Seamus sent his way as he knocked
lightly on the bathroom door . He doubted that Dean would answer , but the door swung open
suddenly , sending Airakus’ s hand through the now open doorway awkwardly . The tall boy
walked into the bathroom and closed the door behind him, casting a mulfato charm to keep
Ron and Harry from eavesdropping as he looked towards Dean.
Dean was sitting against the bathtub, eyes beat red from crying. The boy hadn't said anything,
nor looked in Airakus’ s direction whatsoever , so Airakus took that as a subtle sign that he
may not want to talk. However , the W erewolf was not known to back down, so he walked the
two steps towards Dean that the small bathroom allowed, before sitting down beside him and
handing him a piece of chocolate.
Dean took it, still not looking away from his feet. Airakus smiled to himself sadly as he ate
his piece of chocolate, Dean was more quiet than Airakus had ever seen him. The voice in the
back of Airakus’ s head asked him if that's how his friends felt when he had bad days, bad
mornings, bad weeks, but he ignored it for now , he needed to focus on Dean.“Do you think you passed the T ransfiguration exam?” Airakus asked Dean, who remained
silent, except for the small scof f that escaped his chocolate filled mouth.
“I probably bombed it, didn't study at all,” Airakus added, Dean rolled his eyes.  
“You've taken that test three times already , don't even.” Dean responded in a hushed tone.
"Not my fault, Remus is a phycopath!” Airakus chuckled and Dean nodded, eating the other
half of his chocolate piece, the two boys returning to their silence.
They sat in silence eating the rest of the chocolate, that Airakus had gotten from Malfoy .
They sat there for the next half an hour , and by the time Airakus got up it was nearly
midnight. He was tired to say the least. He left Dean in the bathroom, but the boy had
stopped crying, and that was enough for Airakus to sleep without worrying too much about
his friend.
He flopped into his bed, dramatically as per usual and fell into a deep sleep, not excited for
the drama that would follow Ron's outburst tomorrow .
He woke up a few times in the night, Harry having to pry him out of his bed the next
morning.  
Everyone else had already gone down to breakfast so Airakus got dressed into his robes,
grabbed his homework and dashed into the common room with Harry , the two making their
way to the great hall. “So, did you find out what was wrong with Dean last night?” Harry
asked when they were closer to the great hall, the shorter boy wanting to slow Airakus down
given he was much faster than Harry when walking.
“No, we ate chocolate,” Airakus replied shortly , chuckling when he realised how out of
breath Harry really was.
“Oh, you didn't even.....you didn't ask him what was wrong?” Harry asked with furrowed
eyebrows.  
“He clearly didn't want to talk about it, he can yell at Ron after dinner .” Airakus shrugged,
and Harry nodded, the two boys entering the great hall and joining their friends.
“Welcome back to school fourth years! T oday we will be doing a study session instead of a
planned lesson; take out your notes and work for your other classes and use this time wisely .”
Mcgonagall told the fourth years before returning to her desk in the front of the room.
Airakus threw a ball of paper at Seamus and winked. “Wonders why ,” Seamus whispered and
the two began laughing under their breath.  
“Boys, what's so funny?” Hermione snapped, sounding alarmingly more like Molly as the
holidays passed. “Oh nothing shove of f” Seamus rolled his eyes, Hermione scof fing as she
returned to the extra work she was doing, probably Airakus or Harry’ s essays.
After T ransfiguration they had Care Of Magical Creatures, then Potions which was a terror .
After lunch they had Divination and then Defence Against The Dark Arts. Airakus and
Hermione walked into the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom side by side, Airakus
taking his usual seat beside Harry at the front followed by Dean who sat behind them. Moody
came hobbling out of the of fice, the one that Airakus had become so familiar with last year .
The man grunted a few hellos before he began scratching today's lesson on the chalkboard.“Werewolves”
Airakus laughed out loud, everyone turning to him, Harry about to speak when Moody
began.
"Werewolves, you learned bout those briefly last year correct?” Moody asked, the students all
nodded, other than Airakus and Harry who were holding back their laughter .
“Well, you all have experience with W erewolves," Moody scof fed, Airakus’ s heart dropped,
and clearly so did the entire group of fourth year Gryfindors who were friends with Airakus.
Moody turned to face the class.
“Professor Lupin was a W erewolf, and as you could clearly see, wild W erewolves are nastier
than the ones raised as W izards," Moody explained with a raised eyebrow , his glass eye
scanning the classroom. Airakus nearly fainted. Did Moody just say that Remus wasn't nasty?  
He didn't say that Remus was a brilliant wizard and that W erewolves aren't horrid beasts by
any means, but he didn't say the opposite either . Airakus was shocked, clearly so was
Hermione.
“Now , take these pages, write down the five easiest ways to identify a W erewolf.” Moody
scoffed, making direct eye contact with Airakus before he waved his wand, sending the
sheets of paper flying across the classroom and onto the students desks.
Class ended soon after , Moody collecting their sheets and ignoring Airakus’ s attempt at a
conversation as the crazy old man did every time they shared a class.
“What did you write?” Ron asked Hermione in a chuckle after dinner in the nearly empty
common room while the kids were discussing class.  
“The correct answers.” Hermione smirked as she rolled her eyes, Harry laughing.
“What did you write Airy?” Seamus asked, elbowing Airakus jokingly . Airakus smiled as he
looked around at his friends, standing for the dramatic ef fect.
“Number one” Airakus cleared his throat.
“Loves Chocolate” Airakus chuckled, the group roaring with laughter causing Airakus to
chuckle again, before lowering his voice.
“Number T wo, loves Bowie?” Harry laughed so hard he nearly fell, the others nodding in
confusion at their sudden inside joke.
“Number three, eats like a malnourished fat man....Number four , named Airakus,” He nearly
whispered.  
“And number five, Is Me, because I am a W erewolf!” Airakus finished, everyone clapped and
sharing mumbled laughter while Airakus bowed deeply .
“Very funny , what did you actually write?” Ginny chuckled, and everyone turned their heads
to her confused.  
“What do you mean?” Airakus chuckled back, Ginny raised an eyebrow . “Funny joke and all given Remus is a W erewolf, but, what did you really write?” Ginny
asked.  
“Ginny , I am a W erewolf.” Airakus deadpanned, looking between her and Ron confused.
“Oh, is that why , why you're always in the hospital, and why Harry and Seamus howl at you,
and oh Merlin it all makes sense now!” Ginny mumbled, looking at Airakus curiously . 
“And i thought I was the oblivious one!” Harry rolled his eyes as the whole group was filled
with roaring laughter once more.
 
The next week was spent in the hospital wing, another bad moon was ahead and the
symptoms were crushing Airakus like a fizzy pop can.  
Hermione and Harry were in the hospital wing the entire time, Seamus bringing Airakus
chocolates and his homework all while ignoring his questions about how Dean was.
Eventually Neville came to visit and told Airakus that Dean had not spoken to anybody other
than Fred all week, and given Seamus wasn't trying to talk to him, Airakus assumed he would
have to fix this after the moon.
The April moon was bad. Airakus hadn't a clue why , he hadn't really been that stressed but he
nearly tore his old scar across his neck open again, Madame Pomfrey had him in the hospital
wing for a week afterwards.
The night after the moon, Airakus couldn't sleep.  
He had a pit in his stomach and he knew there were only two ways to fix it.  
Eat Chocolate, or talk to Draco.  
And he was out of chocolate.
Airakus crawled out of bed, summoning the Marauders map to see that the boys marker was
already making his way towards the Hospital W ing.
“Having a good stroll mate?” Airakus asked as he turned a corner running straight into
Malfoy who put his hands out to brace himself.
Airakus grinned as the knot in his stomach unraveled slightly . 
Draco looked him up and down, making note of the gauze, bandages and the wrap on his
shoulder , also the lack of a shirt.
“Why are you out of bed? Madame Pomfrey said it was really bad!?” Draco exclaimed in a
hushed tone as he reached out to help Airakus back to the Hospital W ing and into bed.
“I wanted to see you...” Airakus sighed as he returned to bed, Draco sitting on the edge of the
bed.
“Yea, I was on my way bloody here wasn't I?” Draco scof fed, Airakus shrugging with a light
chuckle.  
“Suppose you were,” Airakus sighed as he laid back down.
 By May 5th he was walking back towards Gryfindor tower alone, a fresher , larger scar across
his neck.
“AIR Y!” Seamus screeched when Airakus entered the dorm room that night, Harry following
in suit as the two tackled Airakus to the ground in a hug.
“Shoulder you fuckers!” Airakus chuckled as Ron helped him up, Harry and Seamus giving
him back hand apologies before they were back into the gossiping and chatting that they
always held when Airakus arrived back from the full moons.
“Yea, Cho's not talking to me really ...” Harry frowned as Ron patted his shoulder
comfortingly . Airakus frowned. “Its alright mate, she clearly doesn't deserve you, rather find
you a good girlfriend, rather than Cho," Airakus sighed. Cho was nice, there was nothing
wrong with her , she was just a bit boring, besides Harry had piles of girls and guys to barrel
through, he didn't need Cho.
“Yea, we all need to just get girlfriends!” Seamus rolled his eyes, Airakus chuckled. "Solve
all my fucking problems that would!” Airakus scof fed, and every head in the room, including
Seamus’ s was back on him in a second. “What do you mean Airy?” Harry asked slowly ,
Airakus shrugged, looking out the window . “Dunno, you've got somebody to worry about, it
would be fun to fancy someone I guess,” Airakus chuckled, and Seamus was now looking at
the floor in total silence. He knew what Airakus meant by that, they had talked about it over
Easter , how Airakus didn't fancy any girls so he couldn't tell Harry and Ron about it, so he
felt left out of their ‘teenage experience’. Seamus understood, given he felt the exact same
way.
“Well who would you fancy if you had to?” Ron asked, Airakus laughed. “Hermione."
Airakus rolled his eyes, and Harry had to hold Ron back. “But I don't like her , and Hermiones
off limits, I know Ron." Airakus snickered and Ron sat down, laughing it of f with the rest of
the group.
The boys continued to pry before Airakus got fed up. “Oh come of f it lads, I’m not asking
anybody out, I'd rather go to honeydukes with Sea anyways, you guys are all love crazy!”
Airakus teased, Seamus hitting him with a pillow .
“Wait, Seamus, do you fancy anybody?” Dean asked relatively quietly , but Airakus heard him
perfectly clear . “Erm..well, no I guess not...” Seamus stuttered out, looking at Airakus who
just smiled sympathetically before standing and sitting down on his bed to grab his chocolate.
“Well, then it's only four of us that are love struck idiots,” Harry sighed as he fell of f his bed
dramatically . “Oh shove of f Harry , Deans not a lovestruck idiot, he doesn't fancy anyone, or
do you Mr .Thomas?” Airakus rolled his eyes, turning to Dean and giving him a look, a look
that said ‘say it asshole’ without having to speak. Dean looked from Airakus to Seamus for a
split second, Airakus nodded. Dean took a step backwards, and Airakus rolled onto his side,
taking a bite of chocolate before turning to the others.  
“Doesn't matter does it? Even the love struck ones are still lonely!” Airakus shook his head,
to which Ron chucked a pillow at him, starting a pillow fight that Airakus and Harry won, as
per usual.Airakus slept uneasily that night, his head pounding.
Chapter End Notes
So as we can see, Deamus is an emotional disaster in this fic, be preapred. Also more
Drairkaus (nobodys given me a better idea so here we are).  
Live laugh love Minerva Mcgonagol.The final task.
Chapter Summary
Ron's birthday , a talk with Draco, the final task and the truth about Alastor Moody .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
It was Deans birthday . It was ten o'clock at night that Friday and Gryf findor tower was filled
to the brim with drunken teeangers and the sound of David Bowie flowing through the room.  
Airakus wasn't pissed, given Harry had cut him of f hours ago once he remembered that
Airakus had to finish a pile and a half of homework that weekend and that a hangover
Werewolf was a dangerous one.
Around midnight he snuck of f to smoke, and after his 3rd cigarette decided to go to bed. He
was more like Remus than he knew , not only was he now a sad gay W erewolf, but he was a
smoking one as well. He planned to head back to the dorm when he ran into the one person
he had been daydreaming of running into all night.
Draco.
Airakus shared his fourth cig with Malfoy , the two sitting in the windowsill.
“You smoke a lot?” Draco asked.  
“Not really . More since my birthday I suppose,” Airakus sighed.  
“You?” He asked Malfoy , who shook his head.  
“I try not to, Theo does, alot, the whole dorm smells like shit,” Draco chuckled, Airakus
laughing as well.
“What's with the party anyways?” Draco asked, Airakus sighting.  
“Deans birthday , we always go all out, or well, not for my birthday , nobody knew when it
was.” Airakus chuckled sadly .
“May 13th,” Draco sighed, Airakus grinning.  
“I'm not even gonna lie to you mate, I've got no clue when your birthday is!” Airakus sighed
as he stubbed out his cigarette.  
“June 5th.” Draco replied with a small smile to the other boy . 
"That's next week!" Airakus exclaimed, Draco shrugging. “Expect a present.” He added,
looking at the blonde boy beside him warmly .
Draco rolled his eyes, burying his face in his knees as he curled up to the side of the window ,
Airakus watching him curiously . Odd feeling.  
He put his cigs back in his robe pocket.
The next few weeks flew by , as the end of term usually did.  
Airakus spent most of the first week of June finding ways to catch Malfoy in the hallway and
shower him in sweets and small gifts, the boy guiltily rambling about how Airakus did not
need to do all this, Airakus grinning ear to ear all the while. After Draco's birthday , Airakus
along with everyone else, had grown so excited for the last task of the tournament (which
was at the end of term) that nobody other than Hermione had seemed to study for their
exams, which was due to cause some chaos after the tournament was over . 
The day came sooner than Airakus had hoped or expected.  
He had been far too distracted with teasing Draco with the big gift he had gotten him for his
birthday , a stuf fed Ferret, which the boy had rolled his eyes at before going beat red, giving
Airakus that odd feeling.
Harry was nervous, but so were the other three contestants, so it didn't matter . It had rained
all week, seemingly a warning that this wasn't going to end well, though nobody other than
Airakus seemed to care about the weather as the students filed into the highrise wooden
stands, the lar ge hedge maze in front of them distracting them all from the swirling dark
clouds above. "Think he's going to win?" Airakus heard Ron and Hermione muttering, but he
didn't chime in, too busy watching Harry stand beside Moody , a pinch at the base of his neck
seemingly telling him to go get Harry and drag him far far away from this place. AIrakus
stayed silent as he watched Harry enter the maze, and as Moody paced, and as Moody
chugged the last of the liquid in his hip flask. Airakus sat, glancing towards Draco who was
in a hushed conversation with some Beauxbatons and Pansy , jealousy threatening to break
AIrkaus's surface. He sat, and he paced, and he talked to Seamus about the weather . Quite
suddenly , the entire stadium erupted into cheers and applause, the music blaring, everyone
smiling ear to ear . Airakus watched as Harry appeared with Cedric, but he could smell it from
a mile away , dark magic was lingering on them, like water from a shower . Airakus seemed to
move in slow motion as he pushed past his fellow students, taking of f after Mr .Diggory who's
eyebrows were furrowed in confusion. He passed Fleur who was crying, and the array of
students who had reeled over to vomit, their front row seats no longer exciting. Airakus
grabbed Harry's waist, pulling the boy of f of Cedric whilst he cried. Airakus pushed down the
painful sobs that pushed towards his surface each time he heard Harry cry and muf fled 'no',
followed by Harry turning to Dumbledore and Moody who stood beside them with wide,
horror ridden eyes. "I couldn't leave him; not there!"
Cedric Diggory was dead.
"Rosier ," Moody nodded, Airakus looking towards Cho who was rushing down the steps.  
Moody made a face at him, a face that told him in one look that nobody else could touch this
boys body . 
Airakus left Harry there, turning to the girl he barely knew , letting her sob into his shoulder
as all hell seemingly broke loose, ministry of ficials apparating into the field whilst students
ran back towards the castle in a panic.
"He's...Hes...." Cho ratted of f, Airakus merely nodding whilst the girl sobbed.  
He turned, and Harry was gone.  Airakus saw Moody's cane in the grass, and he knew . 
He knew that he had let them get Harry .
He left Cho without a word, leaving the girl to the hoard of friends and professors who were
swarming her now . 
He ran and ran, avoiding Dumbledore and Minerva, rushing up the spiral stairs towards the
defence Against the dark arts classroom.  
He smelt it from there, the reeking stench of dark magic dripping of f of Harry . 
The horrid smell of Polyjuice position seemingly wafting out of Moody's open chamber .
“Professor , I don't think I mentioned a graveyard," Harry mumbled. His wand was tight in his
hand, he could feel the magic char ging at his fingertips. He heard the silence, the eerie
silence. He opened the door and Moody automatically hit him with a full body binding curse.
Airakus fell to the floor , with buckled knees and a pained look on his face, watching Moody
walk over to him slowly .
“Though you’d be the hero here Rosier?” Moody sneered, his tongue flicking out strangely as
he turned back to Harry who was completely frozen in his place, his wrists bleeding, his face
paler than a ghost.
“Right Beautiful creatures Dragons aren't they?” Moody imitated Hagrid and Airakus
watched as Harry reached for his wand, realising that it had been left on the field with Cedric
and the others.  
“Did you really think that that miserable oaf Hagrid would have shown you the dragons if I
hadn't told him too? That Cedric Diggory would have hinted how to open the egg underwater
if I hadn't told him first? That Neville Longbottom would have provided you with Gillyweed
if I hadn't given him the book that led him straight to it!?” 'Moody' ranted like a maniac,
Harry’ s eyes widened with fear .
“It was you, you put my name in the goblet of fire! Y ou bewitched Krum!” Harry thought
aloud, Moody rolling his eyes as he continued to shake his hands uncontrollably . “YOU
RIGHT BAST ARD I'LL KILL YOU!” Airakus screeched, Moody waved his wand, Airakus's
mouth shut tightly .
“BE QUIET EV AN!” The man snarled, Airakus went numb.  
It was Barty . 
He felt it like a thousand pounds suddenly placed on his shoulders, like the calm before the
storm.
It was a violent pain, his thoughts soaring, his mouth seemingly sew shut as he watched the
man impersonating Moody stalk towards Harry , ignoring the boy he thought was his best
friend, leaving him lying on the floor .
“How do you think the Dark Lord will repay me when he finds out I have forever silenced
the great Harry Potter!?” He slithered towards Harry , tears streaming down both the boys
faces when the door burst open in a loud bang that sent a ringing through Airakus's ears.
"EXPELLIARMUS!" Snape shouted, sending 'Moody' flying backwards into a chair , Snape
waving his wand once more, binding the man to the chair as Minerva lifted Airakus of f theground, waving her hand and unbinding the boy who ran towards Harry so fast he might as
well have apparated.
 
“BOYS MOVE!” Dumbeldore exclaimed as he opened the lar ge trunk that sat in the middle
of the room, the one Harry had been sitting on. AIrkaus and Harry stood to the side, Harry
positively shaking, Airkaus's blood rushing with adrenaline as he glanced inside the lar ge
chest too see none other than Alastor Moody . The real Alastor Moody .
“I'm sorry Albus, he got the best of me!” Moody called up to Dumbledore who nodded,
turning back towards Snape and Mcgonagall before Harry spoke, his voice strained, his
clothes soaked in blood.
“If that's Moody then....." Harry paused, turning to the man who had, only moments ago, tried
to kill the both of them. "Who's that?” Harry asked, his brows furrowing as the entire room
fell silent, the wizards watching as the polyjuice potions Airakus knew had been there all
year, began to wear of f. "Barty Crouch Jr ." Dumbledore stated, Snape sending the man a
scowl while Airakus stood, his knees suddenly feeling rather weak. "W ell, guess I've been
caught...but whats done is done!" Barty snickered, his tongue shooting out as he grinned to
Dumbledore, glancing towards the boys. "Harry , Harry your arm!" Dumbeldore muttered,
tugging Harry close, comparing the boys arm with that of the death eaters who sat grinning in
the chair . "He's back." Barty grinned ear to ear , a madman true to heart. The dark mark was
black, slithering under Bartys skin like a parasite. Airakus held back his vomit. "Take him
away ." Dumbledore stated pointedly , Kingsley along with a few other ministry of ficials
entering the room and grabbing Barty , retrieving the mans wand from the floor .
“It seems Azkaban is missing one of its inmates!" Dumbeldore added, looking Barty in the
eyes. "Ill be welcomed back like a hero!" He declared, Dumbledore turning away , the man
being dragged of f down the hall, screaming the whole way . Airakus drowned it out, tried his
best, but he could still hear the man screaming as the boys were escorted back to
Dumbledore's of fice. Screaming, screaming out for the ghost of his father . "EVAN! EV AN
PLEASE! ROSIER! ROSIER YOUR PROMISED!” Barty shrieked, Harry giving Airakus
weary glanced while the taller boy stared at the floor , the both of them properly fucked from
here on out.
Chapter End Notes
so i rushed this chapter apparently , but im too tired to re write it so here you go. Some
more Draco time....  
MY BOY THA TS MY SON! MY BOYIYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!  
Hes dead.
Also btw I hate timelines and I'm an idiot, Rons birthdays at the beginning of March, so
I fixed this and put Deans birthday party in place.  We are pretending Deans birthday is in May , after Airakus's birthday . 
So end of May . 
EDITING NOTE> I basically re-wrote this chapter given it was so rushed, and I
apologize for not making this year longer but fourth year just bores me to write about
sometimes given nothing really happens outside of the tournament, and given that is
Harry central and this isn't a Harry central fic it just makes it dif ficult.Number Twelve Grimmauld Place
Chapter Summary
Summer part one. Grimmauld place.  
Black family lore drop...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus had spent the first week of summer in W ales, with Remus and Sirius frantically
going between the Order and home.
He had hung out with David for a few days, but the boy was visiting his family a few towns
over for a month so Airakus wouldn't see him until Christmas if at all. He was exhausted, he
wasn't allowed to write Harry , or see Seamus, because throughout the events of last year ,
Voldemort had returned. Airakus was fucked.
He had been worried sick over Draco.  
His father was being questioned for being a death eater after the end of the tournament, and
Airakus knew it wasn't going well at the manor . 
He had written Luna a few times asking for Draco, but he hadn't been by Lunas or written her
since before school got out.
After that first week Airakus had been in and out of number twelve grimmauld place over
and over again.  
Walpur ga Black hung on the wall had been a pleasant introduction to the house. According to
her, Airakus was a corrupted excuse of a W izard and he needed to die as soon as possible.  
Thank god that freezing spells worked on talking portraits.
Airakus had met the order members, Minerva, Poppy , Kingsley , the older W easleys, T onks
was there along with a few other people. He hadn't been warned that his potions master was
an order member , and when he saw the greasy man in the kitchen one afternoon Airakus had
automatically apparated back to W ales in fear of a death eater having intruded.
That was the other thing Remus and Sirius had been doing, getting Airakus to practise
Apparition and spells.  
He could apparate perfectly now , begging that he wouldn't need the skill for anything other
than convenience any time soon.
Airakus knew that the W easley's kids and Hermione were being moved to Grimmauld at the
end of the week, and he was horrified.That night Airakus slept at home in W ales, taking the fireplace to Grimmauld around ten. He
had free will to stay in W ales all day , all summer for god's sake, unless there was a meeting
he didn't need to be at headquarters, but he felt useless wandering around W ales without
Seamus or Remus, so he went everyday .
Airakus stumbled out of the dusty fireplace into the study where Sirius's family portrait hung
ominously watching over the green flames. He walked out of the room and into the dark
kitchen where Bill W easley and Kingsley Shacklebolt were sitting drinking tea over a few
papers. Airakus smiled at them as he poured himself tea before sitting down.
“Oi, watch it kid, that's got Whiskey in it!” Kingsley sighed as he gestured to the kettle that
Airakus was holding. “Kingsley , it's ten o'clock, get a grip.” Airakus rolled his eyes as he
poured himself a glass anyways and downed it before sitting down beside Bill.
“You should drink,” Bill sighed with a shake of his head, sipping his own cup. “Im 15, and
this is myyyyyy house, I can do what I want.” Airakus rolled his eyes. Everyone had been on
edge, other than T onks, Remus and Sirius. They were always fun, but even Bill had been a
relative bore recently and Airakus was getting tired of it. Sure there was a war , but that didn't
mean everyone needed to become a tosser overnight.
“Wheres Remus?” He asked, Kingsley sighed. “Upstairs with Sirius, they got real quiet about
an hour ago so I'm assuming they either died or fell asleep...” He explained with a chuckle as
Airakus rolled his eyes, the tall boy standing and walking up the stairs. The house creaked
with each step he took, each glance around a corner leading to another dust covered memorie
nobody wanted to find.
“Master Airakus, how great to see you,” Kreacher drawled up at Airakus, his nasally voice
irritating yet comforting as Airakus nodded at him. “And you Kreacher , do you know where
Remus and Sirius are?” He asked, Kreacher shaking his head in distaste. “Filthy half blood
beast, blood traitors...” he seethed under his breath, glancing to Airakus who was smiling
down at the elf aggressively . “Kreacher , where are they?” He asked again and Kreacher
pointed towards the upstairs bedroom to which Airakus nodded, walking down the hall,
passing the old rooms before entering the only room with a light.
“Airy , you've got to knock mate, what if I was naked?” Remus rolled his eyes as he chucked
a book at Airakus, the boy having scared the man after his sudden appearance in the doorway .
“Calm down, Kingsley said you stopped shaking the bloody floorboards around an hour ago,
assumed I wouldn't get an eye full!” Airakus teased as he rolled his eyes to which Remus and
Sirius both turned bright red. “We've got to clear out the spare bedrooms for the kids
today ....” Sirius sighed over lunch a few hours later . “Ill help, Remus has got to go to the
ministry with Minnie no?” Airakus glanced to Remus who nodded.
After lunch, they cleaned up, Sirius and Airakus heading upstairs down the cold dark
hallways and into a mostly empty bedroom. “Whose was this?” Airy asked, Sirius sighing.
“Cissa and Bellas, T wins can have it” Sirius mumbled as he gestured to the two twin beds
that were sat against the wall of the room.
Airakus nodded, and without another word pulled out his wand, the pair clearing out the
room of its cobwebs, calling Kreacher to help carry old things into the attic, the elf mutteringcurses under his breath the whole time.
Chapter End Notes
this is a chill chapter , we're going to IGNORE my feeble attempt to let Airakus apparate
BECAUSE I DO WHA T I W ANT!!!!  
Also, be prepared for plots to change, straying quite far from the original Harry Potter ,
given Sirius may or may not die and Seamus becomes a bit more relevant...Finnigan
Chapter Summary
Seamus arrives, along with the W easleys.  
harry's rscure mission is planned.  
Airakus is inducted into the order . 
Draco Mafloy ...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up late the next afternoon. The full moon wasn't for around two more weeks,
but he could already feel the ef fects, and he wasn't sleeping well at all.  
He got dressed, a navy blue jumper and brown shorts, his compass necklace (which he had
frantically been seen checking for the past week of summer) hung loosely around his neck.  
Remus was home, but apparently Sirius wasn't, Airakus couldn't smell him.
“Morning,” Airakus sighed to Remus as the extremely tall boy entered the kitchen, Remus
smiling.  
“No Order today , somebody's coming to visit..." Remus smiled, Airakus freezing. "But, I
have to help finish clearing the rooms..." He replied, the W easleys and Mione were at the
burrow , but they were arriving the next day , and their rooms weren't ready yet.  
Harry was at privet drive, Airakus wasn't even allowed to speak to him until his birthday .
“What, who's coming?” Airakus asked slowly as he sat down on the chair opposite Remus.  
The man smirked with a shrug. “Dunno, you'll have to wait and see” Remus grinned.
Airakus paced the house all day . He refused to eat lunch at first out of spite given Remus was
still refusing to tell him who was coming, but he gave up and eventually took the bowl of
buttered noodles and continued his pacing with food in hand.
At around three o'clock, the entire day spent panicked, and hours of pacing, the doorbell rang.
Airakus bolted to the back door , passing Remus who was sitting in the living room, record
player on. Airakus flung the door open to see Seamus Finnigan standing with his school trunk
and a backpack, his eyes wide, face splitting into a grin when he saw Airakus.
“What happened to you?” Seamus asked the bloodshot eyed, lanky boy who was anxiously
standing there, stif f as a statue.  
“SEAMUS!” Airakus screamed as he tackled his best friend into the biggest bear hug that
anyone had ever been given. Seamus hesitated from shock before hugging Airakus back,
chuckling with a smile.“What are you doing here?” Airakus asked as the memories of what Remus had told him
flooded his brain. Seamus wasn't supposed to know about the order or V oldemort or the plan
for Harry or anything.
“My Mum, she joined up in the order , Remus and Sirius thought it would be better if I stayed
here with you instead of having to share a room with the twins or something....” Seamus
explained, Airakus picking up the boys school trunk as the pair walked into the house,
dropping Seamus's coat and shoes into the mudroom before walking into the living room.
"Supriiiiiseeee!" Remus smirked as Airakus hugged Remus with a sarcastic laugh.  
“Thank you Remus, really .” Airakus nodded to the man who smiled, Airakus and Seamus
dashing upstairs. Remus knew AIrkaus meant it, that the thank you the boy had mumbled had
come straight from his head, not his heart. Airakus wasn't stupid, he knew that Remus had
gone to the Finnigans or wrote them to speak to Seamus’ s mother , and he was so grateful.
"Are you staying here for the rest of the summer then?" Airakus asked as the two sat on the
beach that afternoon.  
They knew that the following days, even weeks would be panicked and exhausting, filled
with yelling kids and ar guing order members, secrets and missions, Harry and Ron.  
"Yea, I guess I'm staying until Mom says I can go home." Seamus sighed, Airakus raising an
eyebrow . 
"I think she knows...about Dean." Seamus replied, Airakus nodding silently as he chucked a
rock into the water .
Later that night, Airakus thought he should take Seamus to Grimmauld, given he would be
spending a lot of time there for the next few months. Sure the two boys were sleeping in
Wales, but Grimmauld was well, interesting; and for somebody who had never been there
before, it was horrifying.
“Got your wand then?” Airakus asked Seamus who nodded slowly . “Take my arm” Airakus
nodded, Seamus laughing.
“What, asking me to dance Airy??” Seamus rolled his eyes. “Pffff gerrof f, grab my arm!”
Airakus insisted, Seamus doing so with a scof f, opening his mouth to speak before Airakus
apparated quite suddenly . They appeared in the entrance hall of Grimmauld, Seamus reeling
over the bathroom sink, puking his brains out. "Never apparated before?" Airakus asked as he
chewed on his nail. "No!" Seamus yelled back at him, continuing to blow chunks.
“Well, this is the first floor bathroom, hallway , portrait of Sirius's mother which we aren't
supposed to speak to or go near , the kitchen is through these and those stairs lead up to the
library and the drawing rooms, bedrooms and the other bathrooms. That's the study , fireplace
is in there....” Airakus rambled as he and Seamus walked down the dark hallway , hand in
hand.
“Fireplace? I appparated with a 15 year old when there was a FUCKING FIREPLACE!?”
Seamus screeched, Airakus began laughing uncontrollably .
“Who's there?” Someone interrupted their laughter from the kitchen. Airakus froze, it was
Alastor , who he had barely seen all summer .“It's just me Moody .” Airakus replied slowly , the man came out of the kitchen, wand pointed
straight at the boys.  
“What did I buy you for your 7th birthday?” Moody asked Airakus who scof fed.
“Kazoos, 6 of them all dif ferent colours that I hexed to sing constantly whenever Remus told
me to be quiet.” Airakus reminisced and Moody , instead of lowering his wand, pointed it at
Seamus.
“Who are you!?” Moody boomed at Airakus, who grabbed Seamus’ s hand tighter . Moody
was crazy , he wasn't sure what he would do if Seamus couldn't ‘prove’ himself in Alastors
deranged mind.
“Seamus Finnigan sir , Fiona's son, I'm a friend of Airakus’ s.” Seamus explained and Moody
lowered his wand.
“Your mums of f on a mission right now , but stick around till she gets back she wanted to see
you.” Moody replied, the attempt of a smile on his face as he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair before
heading up the steep staircase to find Sirius.
“That was…odd” Seamus began, Airakus scof fing. "He's insane." Airakus replied with a
chuckle as Seamus nodded slowly , the boys entering the kitchen, their hands still together .
Remus wasn't there, he was back in W ales having not wanted to bother seeing people today ,
but Airakus now knew that he hadn't wanted to see Moody . Sirius was apparently upstairs,
but everyone else in the house was hit or miss today , after the run in with Moody , Airakus’ s
hand was in his pocket, wand in hand.
They sat down and Airakus put on the kettle, soon after the two had begun discussion about
who was coming, what was going on and all that. They had talked about it when Seamus had
arrived but Airakus hadn't really wanted to think about the order while he and Seamus were
mucking about in W ales. Now with his best mate sitting in the dark house, it all seemed so
real.
“Ooh, tea! Share!” T onks sighed as they entered the dining room from the lounge that was
just of f to the side. Airakus smiled as he poured them a cup.
“Seamus! Great to see you again mate!” T onks smiled, Seamus nodding as he hugged them,
the three sitting down for tea, T onks joking around changing their hair dif ferent colours to
make the boys laugh, clearly not eager to discuss anything serious on the first day back from
their recent mission with Kingsley .
The two explored the house a bit after T onks had left to find Moody; Airakus eventually
finishing Seamus’ s tour . They ran into Kingsley , Moody a few more times, telling the man
that T onks was looking for him. They saw Charlie and Bill leaving, but didn't talk to them,
they avoided Kreacher all day . Around five Airakus and Seamus had settled to the library to
read,
“Puppers you in here?” Someone asked from outside, Airakus hummed to let them in when
Sirius opened the door quickly . Closing it and casting a locking charm before sitting down
beside Seamus with a sigh.“What's going on?” Seamus asked alarmed. “Hiding from Moody , he wants me to do stuf f,”
Sirius scof fed, Airakus chuckling as Seamus smiled slightly .
This was a common interaction between Airakus and Sirius now , Sirius finding the boy to
hide away with until whoever was looking for him gave up.  
It was better than sitting with the grown ups, even T onks and Bill were working all the time
now. 
When Sirius had originally been in the order , he went on every mission with James that he
could, now he was only allowed to go between Grimmauld, W ales and Moody’ s flat through
the fireplace, never apparating and never leaving without someone with him. Wanted
criminals were frowned upon in the general world, apparently that suspicion lingered even
after being proved innocent.
They stayed in the library until later that evening, the hunger eventually taking the younger
two boys over . They returned to W ales after learning the W easleys wouldn't be there until the
morning, eating leftovers at the bottom of the stairs before heading to the beach again.
“How's Dean?” Airakus asked as he skipped rocks, Seamus sitting on the rocky beach, their
usual circumstance returning to them.
“Dunno haven't seen him” Seamus shrugged and Airakus stooped skipping rocks, turning to
Seamus.  
“Have you not written to him?” Airakus asked and Seamus shook his head.  
“Cant, everyone told me that I'm not allowed to tell anyone where I am...and after mom sort
of....” Seamus sighed and Airakus rolled his eyes.  
“Mate, you can tell Dean that your staying with me for the summer ...” Airakus interrupted
Seamus as if the younger boy was stupid. In that moment Seamus felt pretty stupid, the boy
dashing back to the house to write Dean who given it was mid July and he was most likely
fuming about the lack of a letter by now .
 
Airakus and Seamus woke up early that summer morning, the W easley kids and Molly would
be arriving at Grimmauld place that day and Airakus was basically shaking with anticipation.  
“Why so cheerful?” Seamus chuckled and Airakus rolled his eyes as he tied his shoes tightly . 
“Weasleys are coming today , and Mione, you know that dumb arse.” Airakus reminded
Seamus who just rolled his eyes and chucked a stuf fed bear across Airakus’ s bedroom at the
other boy .
Airakus apparated to Grimmauld, Seamus taking the floo given his one experience with
apparation had ended in vomit.
Everyone was there, the entire order basically .
Other than Mundugas and Mrs.Fig who were on Harry watch, everyone was there, including
Dumbledore. “Mr.Finnigan, Mr .Rosier , how good to see you both!” Dumbeldore smiled
warmly .“Seamus, can you please go upstairs with Hestia and finish preparing the beds for the
Weasleys?” Remus asked, Seamus nodding as Hestia winked at Remus, the two leaving
swiftly . 
With that Moody cast a silencing spell and everyone turned to Alastor and Dumbeldore.
“Alastor , Mrs.Jones and I have discussed a thorough plan, we are ready to get Mr .Potter on
his birthday . He is still with the muggles from what Minerva and Remus have deducted, so
we shall send a few operatives with assorted brooms and such to retrieve and escort him back
here on the night of July 31st.” Dumbledore explained.
“Moody is the head of the mission, Remus and Sirius you are to stay here and prepare for his
return, I'm sure he will be overjoyed to see you.” Dumbledore smiled. Remus nodded and
Sirius scof fed, mumbling something about already having been in prison for 12 and a half
years and how he couldn't last another day in this wretched house.
“So, who's going then?” Sirius asked, the room growing eerily silent.
“Well, Mundungus and Fig are already there. Harry's apparently on edge because of the
expulsion letter , thanks Albus. So I was thinking me, Kingsley , Nymphadora, Hestia and...”
Moody paused and glanced at Remus and Sirius before speaking again. “Rosier” he said.  
The table grew quiet.
“He's a child! He's not going!” Poppy interjected angrily and Moody shook his head at the
witch.  
“He's been more helpful than you have. Besides, he's gone through worse than flying to Little
Whining. Hes a Rosier for fucks sake, durable little gits the lot of you.” Moody sighed and
Airakus smirked.  
He had been thoroughly enjoying the amount of respect he was receiving throughout the
order regarding his last name. The entire order called him Lupin or Rosier and even Moody
was watching what he said around him.
“Remus, you can't possibly agree that your SON should go! It's too dangerous!” Poppy
exclaimed, Remus shrugged, leaning back in his chair as Sirius and Airakus watched him
with anticipation.
“Well, Harry doesn't know any of them other than Moody vaguely , he’ll probably want to see
a friend given nobody's written to him....Besides, it's Airakus we’re talking about, he’ s 15 and
he's been able to apparate from here to mars since he was 8, he’ll be fine Poppy ." Remus
explained with a nod to Airakus, Sirius smiling widely .
“That's my boy!” Sirius grinned and with that Seamus and Hestia re-entered the room.  
Everyone disbanding from the meeting as they finished preparing for the W easley children's
arrival, Poppy ignoring Remus and Sirius all afternoon.
“What was that about?” Seamus asked as he and Airakus headed upstairs to bring the extra
sheets to the kids rooms. “Talking about getting Harry from the Dursleys. There was a
Dementor attack last night, so they decided to get him early . I've got to go with them on the
mission, not until the 31st though,” Airakus explained, Seamus looking at him shocked.“So I can't listen to the meetings? I'm assuming that none of the others are allowed to join,
but you are....why?” Seamus asked and Airakus shrugged.
“Werewolf, know how to apparate and apparently I have a reputation on the other side as the
Rosier and Crouch family heir ...to name a few ..." Airakus chuckled and Seamus stopped,
setting the pillow cases down on Hermione's bed as he took a seat.
Airakus and Seamus had been told to wait upstairs, given Moody and Albus needed to talk to
the W easley kids about the Order and such before they could be reunited with their friends.
Dumbeldore had given Airakus a very stern look when speaking of the fact that the other kids
were not to be told any of the plans or missions, he probably knew that Airakus had told
Seamus about going for Harry , but it didn't matter , it was only Seamus.
The two boys stayed in the drawing room, listening to Elton John on the record player while
Airakus threw darts at the wall, Seamus reading the books that Airakus had forced into his
hand for homework, given Seamus hadn't even started his summer reading yet.
They were so distracted they nearly for got that the W easleys were there, so when Hermione
burst through the door and tackled Airakus into a hug, Seamus had to lower his wand after
realising who it was. Ron, Ginny and the twins poured in after her and tackled Seamus as
well, the kids becoming a lump of crying gingers and laughing W erewolves before everyone
got up.
“You didn't write me all summer twat!” Ron shouted at Airakus who rolled his eyes as
Seamus chuckled.
“Couldn't mate, I've been here.” Airakus sighed and the W easleys froze in confusion.
“You've been here all summer?” Fred asked, Airakus nodding. Seamus and Airakus showed
everyone their rooms and returned with Ron and Hermione to the drawing room to chat, they
wanted to know where Harry was, so Airakus told them that he would be here in a few weeks
and that he got a letter about his expulsion and everything, at least everything he could tell
them without Mad eye hexing his arse of f.
 
“Master Airakus, dinner is served," Kreacher loomed as he peeked into the drawing room.  
“Thank you Kreacher ,” Airakus smiled as he grabbed Hermione's hand and dashed
downstairs, ignoring Kreacher who groaned about the dirty blood running amuck in his
house.
They all sat down at the table, the majority of the aurors and operatives in the order not there.
So the W easleys, Fleur , Remus and Sirius, Mad Eye, Seamus and Airakus were all sat around
the table, just like Christmas...if Christmas had been horrible.
“So, how's your summer been Ron, Mione?” Airakus asked and the two looked between each
other for a moment.“Alright, didn't do much,” Ron mumbled and Airakus smiled.  
“What about you Airy?” Hermione asked and Airakus shrugged as he ate his dinner . 
“Alright, saw David before he left to visit family , then Seamus came round obviously so..."
Airakus shrugged again.
They ate dinner and had some biscuits before Airakus and Seamus grabbed their coats to
leave, Remus and Sirius having left after dinner , not staying round for dessert.
“Where are you two of f to?” Ginny asked, Airakus and Seamus stopped pulling their coats
on. 
“Home?” Seamus replied, the hall growing quiet as the W easleys became quite confused.
“I can apparate, so we’re allowed to stay in W ales..." Airakus explained with shortly , the
Weasley kids cleary , slightly angry . 
“And why is it that Seamus is going with you? W e’re stuck in this shit hole while you get to
go home and have a normal summer!?” Ron ranted slightly , before Seamus put his hand on
Airakus's shoulder to calm him down.
“This shithole, is Sirius’ s house, so if you could stop being a prick and go to fucking bed that
would be appreciated. I thought you could all come down to W ales tomorrow and we could
go to town, an excuse to get out of the ‘shithole’ but maybe me, Sea and Mione will be fine
without you W easley .'' Airakus seethed and with a crack, he and Seamus disappeared, leaving
an embarrassed Ron and a pissed of f Ginny , Fred and Geor ge who would have loved to go to
town, alone in the dark hallway .
Airakus stormed upstairs the minute he and Seamus landed in the kitchen where Sirius and
Remus were sitting chatting over a game of wizards chess. Seamus stood there in shock as
Remus looked at the boy confused.  
“What happened?” Remus asked and Seamus sighed, sitting down beside the man.
“Ron was being a twat, called Grimmauld a shithole, Airakus got mad, stormed of f, basically
told him to fuck of f before apparating us out.." Seamus ratted shortly , bracing himself for
some sort of response, receiving nothing as Remus stood, rushing upstairs. "Fancy playing?"
Sirius asked, nodding to their abandoned chess game. Seamus sighed as he sat down.
“Airakus?” Remus asked as he knocked lightly on the boy's bedroom door , a muf fled
response coming from the boy . Remus opened the door to reveal Airakus curled in a ball in
his window seat, his bed torn apart and his curtains torn of f the rail.
“Bit angry then?” Remus chuckled as he sat on the floor in front of Airakus. Airakus scof fed
with a nod, wiping away the tears from his eyes. “Seamus told us you yelled at Ron?” Remus
said and Airakus nodded slowly .
“He was mad that me and Seamus got to stay here, while they had to stay there and he called
it a shit hole and I just....it was Regulus and Sirius’ s house, and well, I know it is a shithole
but still, I don't call his house a shithole! And I'm stressed out and worried about Harry
because he probably thinks we've all for gotten him and I don't like the idea that the ministry's
pretending none of this even happened and I'm worried about Draco!” Airakus rambled,
Remus holding him by the shoulders as he tried to calm the boy down.“You're worried about....Draco....Draco Malfoy ....?” Remus began, and Airakus’ s eyes went
wide as he realised what he had said.
“No, no, no, no, no, shit, shit, shit, fuck, piss, merlin jesus NO! Remus I swear I'm not, we
aren't, friends or anything I don't, we! Uuuugh,” Airakus rambled as he shrugged Remus of f,
horrified.  
If he told Moody , Alastor would one hundred percent use it to get information, Draco being a
weak point in the circle of death eaters that his father was more than likely a part of.
“Airakus it's alright, ok? It's alright. I understand, believe me, I was friends with Sirius
grow…'' Remus began but Airakus just shook his head.
“No, we aren't talking about this, this never happened!” Airakus interrupted, looking at
Remus with wide stern eyes. With that Remus nodded, backing up as he reached for the
doorknob.
“Movie?” Remus asked and Airakus nodded fervently as the two W erewolves headed
downstairs and into the kitchen, making popcorn as they decided what movie to watch.  
“Napoleon Dynamite! Ever seen that one Sea?” Airakus asked and Seamus shook his head
no, Sirius following Seamus’ s action. “Brilliant!” Remus grinned as the four sat down on the
assorted couches with their popcorn, Airakus putting in the DVD as he cursed himself under
his breath. He shouldn't have said anything to ROn. He shouldn't have cried. He shouldn't
have said anything to Remus. He shouldn't have shown it, he should have stayed blank. He
was fucked.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, Remus knows now ....but not really?  
ALSO SEAMUS OUR ADHD KING IS BACKKKK (he was gone for like one
chapter ...) 
120 hits is WILD and I couldnt be more thankful that over 100 people have read this
shitty fic, even if its just the first chapter lol  
Im also aware that Ive been speelling Finigan wrong for the entire fic so far , and for the
entire thing in general. Ill try and fix it but if it says Finnagain, Finnaigan, Finnigen,
Finnagan or anything like that just assume im trying my bestest!
Note here from editing Peter> This chapter makes no sense because I for got to make the
Weasleys come the following day , and had to push it back....also the unstable Airakus is
entertaining so we get more of that dw .Summer letters...
Chapter Summary
Visit with David, muggle village and the W easleys, Draco's letter and an odd
conversation with Fred.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up in a blanket fort in the lounge that he and Sirius had made after Seamus and
Remus had gone of f to bed.  
They had watched several more movies, perks of being a wallflower , edge of seventeen, and
a few more after the two tired ones had buggered of f and when Airakus woke up to see a big
black dog at his feet he felt an overwhelming need to cry .
He was with his family . Fucking finally .
Airakus stumbled upstairs to find Seamus reading a letter in the window seat, their owl
perched on top of Airakus’ s four poster bed, hooting peacefully . 
“Who's that from?” Airakus asked and Seamus smiled.  
“Dean," Seamus replied, with that Airakus plucked the letter from Seamus’ s hands and began
reading it quickly , holding the other shorter boy at an arm's length as he did so.
 
Dear Seamus,
Thanks for writing, I was beginning to worry about you. Since school got out my sisters have
been at work all the time, my Mom is afraid, she wont let me leave the house alone. I'm glad
you're with Airakus and Mr .Lupin, they can keep you safe while I can't.
Ron said that he was with Hermione, but that they were going somewhere so not to write,
probably camping again like second year? If you've finished your potions homework you
should send it to me to let me copy , because I hate potions. Also, tell Airakus that my sisters
all say hi and give him a hug for me, I miss that prick.
I'll see you in the September Sea.  
Love,  
Dean Thomas
 “Oooooooooooooo, Love Dean Thomas” Airakus cooed before Seamus smacked him in the
head with the letter that he had finally snatched back. “Oh come of f it Airy!” Seamus
snapped at him jokingly and Airakus pretended to wave a flag in surrender as the two boys
got dressed for the day . They needed to go to town for Moody , get some food and such for
headquarters. Airakus wasn't sure why it was their responsibility , but at the same time, he was
grateful he didn't have to spend the day in the old house.
 
Airakus left Seamus in the lounge as he floo'd back to Grimmauld, entering the kitchen with
a smile plastered across his face. “Oi, Mione, Ginny , wanna go to town with me and Sea?”
Airakus asked apprehensively , glancing towards Ron who was fuming once again. “W e aren't
allowed to leave!” Ron snapped and Ginny sighed as she sunk back into her seat. “Alright,
Hermione, twins u wanna come to town with me and Sea?'' Airakus asked with a scof f, the
three nodding and standing.
“What? I can do as I please." Hermione scof fed at Ron and Ginny who were pouting at the
table.
“And we’re of age!” Fred stuck his tongue out as his siblings before the others left, walking
back towards the study . 
“Airy , how does the ministry not know your apparating?” Hermione asked suddenly as he
explained where to floo, Airakus shrugged.  
“They know I'm apparating, but Ministry of ficials don't like talking to me and Remus,
Werewolves you know? So we get away with a bunch of shit. When Remus was teaching me
all that magic even though I'm underage, he just told the ministry it was him ‘practicing’ and
we got away with it. They don't like W erewolves....” Airakus shrugged and Hermione sighed
as they entered the fireplace and floo'd back to W ales.
Fred and Geor ge had never been there before, so the sight of Seamus and Sirius Black sitting
in a pillow fort, photos of Airakus and Remus on birthdays and T onks and Mary on
Christmas overwhelmed the pair when they stumbled out of the fireplace.
“Welcome to W ales!” Airakus chuckled as he and Hermione walked out to the porch to get
the money for groceries from Remus who was drinking tea on the back porch. “My lord,”
Sirius sighed as he looked at the twins standing in his living room.  
“You two really do look just like Fab and Gid!” He chuckled as he tossed a pillow at Seamus
who threw one back just as harshly .
The kids left the cottage and Airakus showed them around the yard, telling them about the
polter geist that he, Seamus, Dean and Hermione had messed with that Easter . The kids
walked down the dirt path that led to the town square, straight through the magical woods,
the twins eager to go to a muggle town, Hermione glad she was away from the W easleys
whom she had been with since the end of school.
“David around?” Hermione inquired as her , Seamus and Airakus showed the twins around
the town.“Don't think so, he said he was visiting his relatives until August or something," Airakus
shrugged.  
“David’ s your muggle friend right?” Geor ge asked, Airakus nodding as they turned down a
street to reveal the town market, filled with fresh bread and fruits. Airakus smiled as he shook
the bag of coins he was holding. "T ime to shop!” he chuckled as they all split of f into groups,
each with a barely legible list of food from Remus.
Airakus left Seamus and Hermione near the edge of the market to get fruits and vegetables,
leaving to go find something entertaining to do.  
The tall boy was walking away from the street where the shops were set up, towards the town
square when he saw a familiar boy digging coins out of the fountain.
Airakus rushed over and shoved the boys head down, just above the water , the boy lifting his
fists up expecting a fight after he had sprung away from the water . When he saw Airakus he
smirked with a scof f.
“Airy , how ya doin?” David chuckled as Airakus rolled his eyes at the boy , the two sharing a
quick hug.  
“Good, what are you doing here? Thought you were gone till August?” Airakus asked, David
raised an eyebrow . “And I thought you were at Seamus’ s until Christmas?” He scof fed back
with a roll of his eyes as the two friends shared a laugh.
“Why are you digging in the fountain you twat?” Airakus laughed and David scof fed as he
poured his handful of coins into his pants pocket.
“Getting spare change for tarts from the sweets shop at the market. An Airakus Rosier
original tactic I shall remind you!” David grinned as Airakus rolled his eyes, handing David
one of the sweets that he had already bought with his spare change from Remus.
“Is Seamus here?” David asked after the two had finished their tarts, David having dragged
Airakus of f to buy a few . Airakus nodded as he swallowed his sweet, glancing towards the
market.  
“And Hermione, our other two friends as well Fred and Geor ge, their twins....older than us,"
Airakus explained, David nodding with a small smile.  
“Speak of the devil!'' Airakus sighed as he heard Hermione and Fred bickering a few feet
away from them.
“AIR Y! Tell Fred that he needs to remember we are surrounded by muggles……Oh, hello
David?” Hermione paused, stopping in her rant as she made eye contact with the muggle boy
sitting in front of them all.
“Hello lady!” David smiled as he gave Hermione a side hug, the two having met before over
Christmas break.  
“Did Y ou say David?” Seamus asked as he rushed after the three in front of him, pushing
through the twins to see David, Hermione and Airakus standing together .
“Dave! Great to see you mate!” Seamus grinned, David nodding with an ear splitting smile.  
Seamus and Hermione started talking to him about regular things, David refraining from
making any of his normal flirty jokes with Seamus which Airakus found odd.He turned to his lifelong friend to see David glancing from the twins back to Airakus with a
small forced smile on his face.  
When the two made eye contact Airakus automatically knew what he meant.
Airakus nodded and David visibly calmed, his shoulders dropping in relief as he turned back
to Seamus, his annoyingly flirtatious smirk returning to his face.
“What are you all doing here anyways?” David asked and Hermione shrugged. “We came
back for a few days, Airy wanted to take us to the market!” She explained, David chuckled.
“It's weird how you lot call him Airy , me and Marty always called him Aira,” David sighed,
Fred chuckled.  
“At Least it's not Lupo anymore” Airakus sighed, remembering the time at the beginning of
fourth year when ‘Lupo’ was the Slytherins chosen name to tease Airakus with.
David Laughed. “Lupo Lupin, I like it,” He teased.
The kids chatted for a while longer , Airakus checking to make sure that they all got their
respective groceries.
“Goodbye David, great to see you again!” Hermione smiled as they hugged quickly once
more, David shook each twin's hand and nodded with a 'great to meet you' to each of them.  
“See ya soon I'm sure mate!” Seamus chuckled as he hugged David humorously . 
“Mate? Y ou wound me my love," David cried sarcastically as Seamus laughed, redder than
Fred’ s hair .
“Well Davie, I'll write to you when we’re back at school. I'll be home all month but I doubt
I'll see you again....” Airakus frowned as David nodded, the two sharing an extended hug.  
“I hate that you're taller than me,” David reminded Airakus who nodded with a chuckle.  
“Let me guess because...." Airakus began but David finished his sentence for him.  
“Because it makes you hotter and that's weird because we’re basically siblings,” The two
laughed.
 
“He was odd,” Fred chimed in slowly , Airakus and Seamus whipped their heads around so
fast Hermione feared they had both gotten whiplash.  
They had started walking again, Seamus and Airakus talking about their plans for the
afternoon, to show the twins around and such when Fred decided to strike up a conversation.  
Airakus furrowed his eyebrows at Fred in confusion, the boy elaborated.
“Why was he making all those jokes about you and Seamus?” Fred asked, “Is he gay?”
Everyone fell relatively silent, Seamus and Hermione watching Airakus like a hawk as
Geor ge stopped behind them slightly to listen.
“Does it matter?” Airakus asked as Fred shook his head.  
“Just...erm... because if he is.... there isn't a problem, but he definitely fancies you Seamus!"
Fred stumbled as he looked at Seamus who again went bright red.“Yea right, it's David, he likes tall blokes, although he doesss tease you a lot Sea,” Airakus
rolled his eyes as he flicked Seamus, their secret language.
“Oh, so he is gay then?” Fred asked and Airakus paused once more, Seamus freezing as well
as Hermione glared at Fred, Geor ge stopping in his pace ahead of the clothes to listen.
“Like I said, it honestly doesn't matter , but yea, I guess, he's into blokes," Airakus shrugged.  
Fred nodded, looking at Hermione and raising his eyebrows in question as to why she was
glaring at him.  
Airakus knew that Fred didn't know , he didn't know , he didn't know , he didn't know . 
He didn't know about Seamus, and he had not a clue in the world that Airakus was slightly
queer . 
He had been thinking about it more recently , but he had been able to ignore it until now .
Seamus patted Airakus’ s shoulder as the tall boy rushed of f ahead of them.  
“You alright mate?” Seamus whispered to Airakus as the two walked ahead of the twins who
were both receiving angry glares from Hermione.  
“Yea just cheery!” Airakus whispered back with an eye roll.  
“Oh shove of f you twat” Seamus rolled his eyes as the two fell into step with each other ,
returning to their conversation about their plans for the remainder of the day .
The kids arrived back at the house and decided to piss Ron of f more by spending their day on
the beach. Airakus was in the water within minutes while Seamus ran in after him, Hermione
laying on a towel while the twins walked slowly down the beach towards their friends, they
had never been here before.
Fred sat down to bother Hermione so Geor ge took that as a sign to bugger of f. Fred and
Angie were still dating, but everyone was blatantly aware that Hermione and Fred fancied
one another . 
Airakus, Seamus and Geor ge were in a splashing war , the lot of them dripping from the lake
water when Remus ran out onto the porch.
“AIRAKUS! LETTER FROM THE LOVEGOODS!” Remus yelled down, waving the dark
green envelope in the air .
Airakus nearly knocked Seamus over as he pushed past the boy , running to Remus and
ripping the letter from his hands, not caring about the water dripping of f him, the boy reading
it in a blink before running inside to write him back.
 
Airakus,
I finally got to Luna's. My mother sent me away after my father returned from his trials,
there's people at the manor , bad people.
I can't really tell you that much through the owls given the ministry's still intercepting them
but I promise I'll tell you everything when I see you in September . I miss you Rosier . Please write me back quickly , I read all your letters that Luna had, I'm
sorry I wasn't there.
-D
 
Airakus grabbed his quill and wrote Draco back, ignoring the questions Seamus and
Hermione were sending his way , the twins standing in the hall outside his room concerned.
 
Blondie.
Merlin's beard you don't know how glad I am to hear from you, I thought you died Draco.  
I'm sorry that you had to be there, and I'm so glad you're safe at Lunas for now . 
I'd visit you if I could but I can't manage to get away from W ales anytime soon.  
I'm with the W easleys, Hermione and Seamus right now , there's a lot going on.
You don't need to apologize. I understand you didn't get any of the letters, it's fine believe
me! I have a lot to tell you as well. I just hope you're safe.
Write me whenever you can, and I promise I'll write you back.
I miss you too.
-Airakus
 
“He wrote to me," Airakus turned to Seamus who’ s eyes went wide as he ushered Hermione
out of the room.
Airakus pulled on a sweater and changed out of his wet shorts as he grabbed the owl, leaving
his room and bounding down the stairs, his friends following him as he sent the owl of f,
heading towards the fireplace.
“We have to go back, now .” Airakus mumbled as he sent everyone through the fireplace,
ignoring the ar guments of protest that Hermione and the twins sent him.
When they arrived at Grimmauld place, Airakus ran around the house like a madman looking
for it.  
He had taken of f his necklace while he and Sirius cleaned out the rooms, the realisation not
settling onto him until he had reached for it to make sure Draco was in fact at Luna's house.
He stormed into the kitchen and tore apart the couch before he finally found it, tying it
around his neck as he clicked open the compass, staring down at the red line shaking in the
general direction of Draco. Airakus breathed a sigh out as he turned to see the entire order
staring at him.“What?” Airakus shrugged them all of f as he stormed up to the library . 
He needed quiet.
He was safe.  
Draco was safe.  
Draco was alive.  
Draco was only a month away .
Chapter End Notes
Warning here, if there's a mention of Pyxis in any part you read, its because there was a
scratched pet that Airakus had, and Im trying to skim out the parts its in but it's too
much work.  
Also DRACOS BACKKKK (He was gone for three chapters)  
And I now realise that David is really just one of my friends reincarnated and its
glorious (he's so Grant Chapman coded)Harry Potter?
Chapter Summary
Order Stress and Harry's return.  
Airakus and Seamus have their usual rock skipping heart to heart.  
Airakus missing Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The day to get Harry came quicker than Airakus had expected it would.
He was going out on the mission, so he had to attend three meetings during the week prior
which were filled with technicalities and rules and such.
Moody scared Airakus a bit when he was serious, but not as much as Remus did when he and
Molly got into ar guments about Airakus’ s engagement in the order .
All the kids were clearly pissed of f that Airakus got to be a member and the rest of them
didn't, but he did know advanced magic, was a W erewolf, and had tie ins with dark magic
and blood purist families that could spare lives for their side if caught in a duel.
Something the others lacked.
Airakus had grabbed his wand, his floo powder , a pocket knife and his pocket watch, his
broomstick in hand as Remus stood with him in the kitchen. The others were outside of the
building preparing to leave.
It was already dark and Airakus feared he might lose the others, but Nymphadora was going
so he doubted that would be a problem, you couldn't lose them in a crowd of a million
people, the blue hair a dead giveaway .
“Be safe Puppers, if you don't want to go you don't have to alright, you know that!" Remus
ranted and Airakus smiled warmly as he hugged him tightly .
“I'll be fine, Remus, T onks and Moody are going and I know how to apparate.” Airakus
reminded Remus who smiled slowly .
“That's what I thought, just be vigilant, remember your tenth?” Remus added, Airakus felt
that like a punch to the stomach.
The night of his tenth birthday , the last birthday he ever celebrated outside of Hogwarts.  
When Fenrir Greyback had broken into Alastor Moody’ s house and cast the cruciatus curseon the young boy . Moody thinks he assumed it was Evan sitting at the table, even though he
was still so young, most death eaters are batshit anyways, it wasn't totally insane to think
that's why Fenrir had done it.
Remus thought he just wanted to fuck with somebody and Airakus had been in direct eye line
from the lounge. Airakus only remembered one thing.  
He had been with T onks, Remus and Moody , and he had cast a curse right at Greyback the
minute he saw the man, but he was just a boy , just like Molly had said.
“I love you Remus,” Airakus added, Remus smiling. “And I love you Airakus” The man
replied, the two hugging once more.
Airakus left Remus in the dining room to prepare for Harry’ s arrival which was basically an
introduction to the order meeting, Snape was there, Kingsley was there, Mrs.Finnigan was
there, people Airakus had barely seen in weeks.
Airakus entered the hallway to see Geor ge, Hermione and Seamus standing by the stairs,
each room was apparently going to be a dramatic goodbye, as if he would die on this mission.
“Don't die you prick!” Seamus scof fed as he hugged Airakus so tightly he thought he had
broken a rib. Hermione sobbing slightly as she kissed his cheek, the two rushing back
upstairs. “No goodbye from Ron? What if I'm murdered?” Airakus rolled his eyes to Geor ge
who just scof fed.
The boy left the house, turning back to wave at his friends who were stood in the doorway . 
He realised how much it must make the W easley's upset that Seamus and Airakus, Airakus
most of all, were allowed to come and go from Grimmauld as they pleased while they were
stuck inside.  
Airakus felt a wave of guilt for yelling at Ron before Seamus waved goodbye, the door
closing behind him, leaving Airakus outside with the order members.
Sirius was waiting outside for him, along with the others. “Are you coming with us?”
Airakus asked as he mounted his broom alongside Moody and T onks.
“No just here to see you of f. Have fun, first order outing! Be safe, I love you kid,” Sirius
grinned, Airakus grinning too as he hugged Sirius, Moody calling for them to leave. Sirius
waved goodbye as he returned to the house, Airakus disappearing into the night sky of
London with Moody and T onks to either side of him.
Privet Drive was strange.
Airakus had lived near and in muggle towns before, but little whining was quiet, almost
perfectly quiet, and it made the W erewolf very uncomfortable.
When they arrived at the house that Moody claimed was Harry’ s Airakus knew automatically
that he was right. The most vivid scent of Harry Potter was flooding into Airakus' nose the
minute they dismounted their brooms and walked up to the house.
AIrkaus grew more and more frustrated as they walked around the small house slowly .The walls were lined with photographs of his cousin and his aunt and uncle, not one of Lily
and James, of Remus or Sirius, of Mary or Marline, of Airakus’ s father . 
Not one photo of Harry’ s family .
Airakus knew where his bedroom was, from descriptions from Fred and Geor ge after the
fiasco before the world cup, so he led T onks and the others down the carpeted hallway that
led to Harry's bedroom on the second floor .
When Airakus opened the door Harry was standing, wand in hand.
He dropped his wand at the sight of his best friend and launched towards Airakus, forcing the
other boy into an embrace that Airakus could only describe as brotherly as Harry held back
tears, Airakus too fearing that he would cry .
They stood like that for a while, Moody grunting in disapproval as Airakus shrugged the
man's hand of f his shoulder , not wanting to rush Harry away .
“Why are you here?” Harry said, wiping his eyes and standing taller when he realised that
Airakus wasn't alone.
“Well we couldn't just leave you here could we?” Airakus chuckled and Harry smiled widely .
Harry took his trunk and gave it to Mrs.Finnigan who apparated it back to Grimmauld, while
the rest of them rode their broomsticks.
”Where are we going, the burrow?” Harry asked, Airakus shaking his head. “You'll see” He
replied and with that, they took of f into the sky of muggle London, back to number twelve
Grimmauld place.
Harry didn't get to see Hermione and Ron, which Airakus thought was unfair . 
He was swept into the house and Airakus automatically smelt the lar ge amount of people
awaiting him, the magic in the air was uncomfortable for him and he felt that Remus shared
his feeling.
Molly was in the doorway , and Harry was automatically tugged into a motherly hug.  
A sting shot through Airakus's stomach as he saw it, jealously bubbling under his chest. He
had loving parents and a loving family , with Sirius and Remus, but he didn't have a mom,
something even Harry had found in Molly had always been missing with Airakus.
Harry then opened the door to the kitchen and was met with Sirius, Remus standing behind
him as per usual.
“Sirius!” Harry exclaimed as he hugged his godfather , Airakus smiling as he looked at
Remus who was staring down at the grinning Sirius with a warm smile across his scarred
face.
Airakus knew that their relationship was being kept secret from Harry for now , it was far too
unimportant according to the older men, although Airakus thought it was very important to
share with Harry .He knew that Remus and Sirius’ s late night make out sessions in the lounge, their ‘love
you’s’ before missions and the kisses in the passing hallways that had been growing more
often over the summer had come to an end the moment that Harry walked in the door .
Airakus frowned slightly at the thought, the thought of Remus being alone once again. Harry
was told a million things in the span of an hour , before Molly decided to serve dinner and
bombarded Harry with his friends. The kids poured into the room, tackling the now smiling
Harry .
They all sat together , Airakus next to Sirius, Harry and Seamus across from them, Remus to
Sirius’ s other side.
They were chatting over dinner , most of the other order members having left. Molly was
asking Harry about his summer , when the actual conversation that Airakus had anticipated
Sirius to start, started.
“What's been going on?” Harry asked, after a few comments about the rising power of
Voldemort had been tossed around by the older W easley boys and Kingsley at the other end
of the table.
Molly stopped what she was doing and stood.
“You don't need to worry about that dear!" She smiled as she glared at her eldest son in
warning, Sirius rolling his eyes.
“Molly , he had a right to know!" Sirius scof fed at the older woman.  
“It's not your choice Sirius." She snarled back at him with the same warning glare she had
given Charlie merely seconds earlier .
“I know what Dumbeldore said, but he needs to know these things, and he will eventually!”
Sirius complained, Remus reaching for his hand under the table given Airakus felt Sirius
relax in a moment's notice, even under Molly's watchful glare.
“Yea!” Harry added, looking between the two adults eager to know what they were talking
about.  
“He's not a child!” Sirius agreed with Harry , looking at his godson reassuringly before
looking back to the stern mother who was fuming at this point.
“He's not an adult either! He's not James!” She shouted, Airakus stopped thinking, he stopped
moving, he felt as though the breath leapt from his lungs.
Sirius froze in place, Remus nearly gasped as he stood, his extreme height leering over the
short plump woman who dared mention James Potter at a time like this.
“Im fully aware of who he is Molly .” Sirius sneered as he reached for Remus’ s shoulder
pulling him back into his seat as to stop the W erewolf from lunging at Mrs.W easley . 
“I've only got Harry's best interest at heart” Molly snarled.  
“He's not your son.” Sirius nodded, Molly was redder than her hair by now . 
“Who else does he have then?” she snapped at Sirius.  “He's got me, you for get me and Remus are his godfathers?” Sirius replied snappily and with
that Molly stormed out, the man sitting back down, the entire room silent.
“Told her that a million times this week, bout you as well!” Sirius scof fed, looking from
Harry to Airakus, Harry looking at Airakus confused for a moment before Sirius spoke again.
“So Harry , now that we've got that out of the way , what do you want to know?” Sirius asked,
ignoring the scowls from a few of the others.  
“Where's V oldemort, what's he doing?” Harry asked, a sudden sense of ur gency in his voice.  
“He's hiding for the moment, because the ministry is ignoring his return and he doesn't want
that to change.” Sirius explained shortly . 
“You really messed things up for him last year , Harry ,” Remus added, looking away from
Sirius to Harry with a small grin on his face.  
“How?” Harry asked, Sirius smiled as well.
“The last person he wanted to alert of his return was Dumbeldore." Harry looked between the
two confused, glancing to Airakus for some guidance.  
“He's building up his army again, just like before,” Airakus provided and a few people at the
other end of the table shivered, most just went silent.
They continued to explain to Harry what they could, especially because the W easley children,
Seamus and Hermione were all also in the room and asking questions.
Eventually they ran out of answers and Harry’ s questions were getting too close to things
they weren't allowed to say .
“Sorry Potter , that's all we can tell you.” Moody sighed and Harry bowed his head in slight
understanding.  
“Desert then?” Ron asked and Remus shook his head.  
“No, not tonight, order meeting, go get your Mom,” Remus sighed, Ron nodded, stalking of f
to go find his sulking mother . 
Harry watched as the brigade of other kids left the dining room, he looked at Airakus
confused, Airakus sharing the same glance back to him.
“C'mon Airy , show me my room?” Harry asked, Airakus froze. His involvement with the
order hadn't blown over well with Ron, but he had assumed that Harry would also be
involved, given the order was completely made to protect him.
“Are you not inducting him into the Order Remus?” Airakus asked, as he looked between the
table of adults and Harry apprehensively .
Remus shook his head slowly , Airakus scof fing. 
“Airakus can show you around later Harry , he needs to stay .” Moody grunted as he went to
close the door .
”But I thought we weren't allowed?” He asked and Airakus shook his head. “You aren't,
apparently I've got well...experience.” He replied, Harry looked at him with raised eyebrows
before he scof fed.“Experience?! Really?! I've defeated V oldemort three fucking times, what experience do you
have that I don't?” Harry snapped and the entire room was now frozen staring at the boy ,
Airakus agreeing with Harry when push came to shove.
“He can apparate, he knows more spells and hexes than any seventh year at your school, his
parents were respected death eaters, his current parents are in the order , he’s fended of f dark
wizards before, he’ s already been on missions, he rescued you from the Dursleys, He fought
the W erewolf that killed his parents when he was 10 and he's a W erewolf himself Harry , he
has more experience, now if you don't mind, we need to have a chat.” Moody snarled, the
entire room silent as Airakus sat in his chair stif fly.
“This is bullshit!” Harry exclaimed.  
“Language Harry!” Molly scolded as she entered the dining room.
“No! This is bullshit, he gets to be here and I don't? This is ridiculous!” Harry snapped,
growing more angry . 
“You know whats bullsht Harry? The fact that you think this is some great thing to be
involved in, go see Ron and Hermione and have a laugh before it gets to the point where you
cant even do that anymore.” Airakus yelled at Harry , the shorter boy growing dead silent as
Moody closed the door . 
The entire room sat silently as they waited for Harry’ s room door to close.
The slam came soon after , Moody clearing his throat.
Moody talked about the new missions and the new rules that they had to follow given Harry
was there.  
Airakus barely listened, he was fuming and it was obvious.  
Remus came in first.
“You alright Airy?” he asked and Airakus chuckled sarcastically . 
“Just fucking brilliant Re, just brilliant. My fucking brother hates me because I've got more
problems and therefore get to sit in a room and listen to Moody moan about rules for an hour
or two. He doesn't fucking understand anything!” Airakus ranted as he continued to chuck
darts at the wall, hitting dead around the middle each time.
Harry had apparently told Hermione that he didn't want to talk to Airakus, and Hermione had
sighed and told Airakus the news to which Airy stormed upstairs and locked himself in the
drawing room.
“Harry’ s young, you are too, just because I prepared you for this and his family didn't, doesn't
make him hate you for it Airy . He's just shocked from the new information and from seeing
everyone so suddenly , that's all.” Remus sighed as he sat down in the lar ge armchair .
“We are his family Remus." Airakus scof fed, Remus remained silent for a moment. "Y ou
know what I meant." He replied sternly , Airakus nodding shortly as he watched Remus leave
out the corner of his eye. Sirius came in shortly after .
“Alright Puppers?” Sirius asked, Airakus rolled his eyes.  
“Fine” he replied as he put down the dart and sat on the floor , leaning against a tall bookshelf.  “How's your shoulder?” Sirius asked and Airakus shrugged, which to be honest hurt him to
do. 
“Alright” He lied, Sirius saw right through it.  
“Oh c'mon Airakus, does it still hurt?” Sirius asked and Airakus nodded. Sirius frowned.
“You've got to tell Poppy alright?” Sirius began, Airakus rolled his eyes again.  
“Already did, nothing she can do.” He replied.  
The two sat silently for a bit longer , tossing pillows at eachother like children.
“Are you mad at me?” Airakus asked and Sirius shook his head, not confused.  
“Why would I be mad at you?” he asked.  
”Because I yelled at Harry ,” Airakus sighed, Sirius shook his head again.  
“You guys are like me and James, could yell at each other for hours and make up in seconds.
He's just overwhelmed with everything, he probably won't understand why we won't let him
join and why we let you, but as long as you remember that it's for the better than that's that.
You two are best friends Airakus, nothing will change that." Sirius sighed. Airakus nodded.
Airakus stayed and read a bit after Sirius left, but eventually once he realised it was getting
late into the night, decided to go up to bed.  
He was still sleeping in W ales and hadn't realised that he had slightly abandoned Seamus.
“Hey Sea, wanna head back?” Airakus asked when he saw Seamus sitting with Harry and
Ron in the study near the fireplace, playing an intense game of exploding snaps.
“Yea in a bit, let me win this match,” Seamus replied as Ron rolled his eyes. “As if Finnigan,
I'm about to destroy you!” Ron replied, Seamus scof fed as they continued their game. Harry
was sitting on a wooden chair watching them, Airakus and him glanced at each other and
silently apologised in that split second, just like Sirius said they would.
They were a lot like James and Sirius afterall.
“Are you and Sea going back to W ales tonight then?” Ron asked after they had finished their
game.
“Yea, I'm properly tired, can't stand another night on that dusty couch,” Airakus chuckled in
reference to the pile of dust that they called the couch that was positioned against the window
in the study .
“Besides, I can never sleep here, smells like dark magic, makes me antsy .” Airakus added,
Seamus nodding.
The other two were headed up to bed, so Airakus and Seamus said their goodbyes, Airakus
hugging Harry tightly , before apparating back to W ales and heading upstairs for bed.
Remus and Sirius had a silencing charm over their room so Airakus didn't bother trying to
interrupt them.  
After about an hour or two of staring at the paintings and constellations on the ceiling of his
bed, Airakus was annoyed with himself as to why he couldn't fall asleep.“You up?” Airakus asked Seamus, whispering it into his silent room in hopes that someone
would answer .
“Yea.....wanna go skip rocks?” Seamus asked and Airakus smiled as he sat up.  
“Are you a legilimens because you just read my mind." Airakus grabbed his sweatshirt as he
and Seamus dashed down the stairs, not bothering to be quiet given the silencing charm was a
two way blocker and was still very much activated.
The midsummer night was cool, Airakus was skipping rocks aggressively , missing every
single one as his green sweater clenched him tightly as if it too were cold.
Seamus had skipped three rocks, failing each time, given he hadn't really been trying, so he
was now sitting a few feet away from the water watching Airakus.
This is how they usually ended up, given Airakus would skip rocks until the sun came up and
Seamus was more content to calmly watch, which was not like him at all, he was usually very
competitive and loud, but not when it came to Airakus, they were each others people.
“What's wrong?” Seamus asked after Airakus had kicked a rock into the swaying water , not
bothering to skip it.
“Moon.” Airakus scof fed in response as he picked up another rock, now apparently seeing
how big a splash he could make.  
“Moons not for two or three weeks mate, you can't be this pissy yet, even for you that's
quick!” Seamus rolled his eyes and Airakus threw the rock he had in hand extra hard, the
sound of it hitting the water echoing around the empty beach.  
Why did his friends have to know him so well?
“Family stuf f then?” Airakus chuckled and Seamus once again rolled his eyes.  
“I am your family .” Seamus reminded Airakus who paused.
“Malfoy stuf f then.” Airakus sighed as he threw another rock, this one skipping three times
before it splashed into the water .
Seamus raised his eyebrows as he watched Airakus throw rock after rock silently . 
He was waiting for Seamus to respond to him, to say something, to tell him not to worry . 
But Seamus couldn't.
“I get why you're worried about him mate, I read the prophet too, but he wrote you didn't
he?” Seamus asked, knowing well that the reason Airakus had made them all rush back to
Grimmauld that day was because he had heard from Malfoy , and he needed his compass.
Seamus had learned about the compass over Christmas, and sure he had teased Airakus about
it, but he had watched as Airakus checked it every night all summer , the setting always on
‘D.M’.
“Yea, he did, told me he finally escaped the hell his house had become, finally got to Luna's
and wrote me right away because his fathers got Death Eaters in and out of the manor every
other day .” Airakus scof fed, Seamus nodding.If Seamus were Hermione he would tell Airakus to go to Moody , to storm Malfoy Manor and
save Draco like a knight in shining armor . 
But Seamus wasn't Hermione and god was Airakus ever grateful for that.
“You're worried about him then?" Seamus asked, or more so stated, because he already knew
the answer .
“S’pose so, but there's nothing I can do about it until we go back to school, with or without
Harry .” Airakus sighed as he threw another stone.
That was another factor , not helping Airakus’ s mood.  
Harry had a trail in a few days, he may be expelled from Hogwarts.
Hogwarts without Harry wasn't possible, it was unimaginable.  
Hogwarts without Draco was nearly just as bad.
He chucked another rock, the reflection of the moon rippling in the water .
Chapter End Notes
Deleted whatever bs I had here, this is editing me btw , I like this chapter but at the same
time don't because Harry and Airakus should have stayed mad at one another for a while
longer ....Letters from the Lovegoods
Chapter Summary
A break from the order , awful feelings, worried Luna, worried Airakus and an odd
conversation with Sirius and Remus.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
When Airakus woke up the next morning, the feeling hadn't left, the feeling that something
awful was going to happen.
Harry’ s hearing wasnt for a few days, the missions were all going good, the order was
relatively on top of V oldemort, but Airakus had that gut feeling, the feeling that Remus told
him to trust with all his heart.
Seamus slept until eleven, Airakus having turned of f the alarm given there were no order
meetings for him to attend and he wasn't in the best mood, no need to leave the house at all
today .
“What time is it?” Seamus asked groggily when he stumbled out of bed and into the lounge
where Airakus was sitting, flipping through the radio looking for the wizarding news station.
“Nearly eleven thirty ,” Airakus responded, Seamus sighed. “Day of f I take it?” He asked and
Airakus chuckled.  
“Yea I guess,” Airakus sighed.  
“You need it, have fun mate!” Seamus smiled, but Airakus furrowed his eyebrows.  
“Where are you going?” he asked Seamus as the boy headed for the fireplace.
“I promised Ron a rematch, and besides, you need some time for yourself," Seamus sighed as
he smiled, grabbing a handful of floo powder .
“You know I don't like being alone!” Airakus whined, but it was too late, Seamus was already
at Grimmauld by now .
Airakus sighed, looking around the room.  
Sirius and Remus were still in bed, and he knew that they shouldn't be, so step one of
Airakus’ s day alone, go bother them.
Airakus cracked open their bedroom door and cast a quick revealing charm in case Remus
had cast hexes last night to match his silencing spells.  
He walked into the room and down the tiny hall that led to Remus’ s bedroom placedmagically under the stairs, the growing charm on the room making it about the size of the
kitchen.
There were two lar ge bookshelves on the left wall, the door to Remus and Sirius’ s closet on
the right wall.  
The lar ge king size wooden bed sat in the center of the room and a lar ge blue bean bag chair
was on the ground where Padfoot slept whenever Remus kicked him of f the bed. Sirius and
Remus were still asleep, cuddled together like the cheesy old men they were. Airakus fake
gagged as he poked Remus in the head once, twice, three times.
“Rem, get up, Rem, Rem, Rem, Rem, Dad, Dad, Dad, fatheeeeeeeerrrrrr dearest.....Lleuad,”
Airakus rambled, continuing to poke Remus irritably . Remus groaned as he rolled over ,
Sirius’ s head shooting up from the sudden movement, the long haired man looking at Airakus
with a smile.
“Morning, what's wrong?” Sirius asked, Airakus chuckled.
“It's eleven thirty .” Airakus smirked and Sirius dashed out of bed, grabbing his pants of f the
floor and bolting out of the room towards the bathroom to get ready for the meetings with
Moody he probably just missed.  
Remus rolled over once more, looking straight up at his triangular ceiling.  
“I don't wanna get up." Remus sighed, Airakus rolled his eyes.  
“Do you ever?” He chuckled.
Remus eventually got out of bed and followed Sirius, the two taking an abnormally long time
in the shower together before coming back downstairs and into the kitchen where Airakus
was eating his cereal slowly , mostly just playing with his food at this point.
“Why aren't you dressed Airy?” Sirius asked as he grabbed a bowl and filled it with cereal,
sitting across from Airakus at the small table.
“Not going today , no meetings for me anyways,” Airakus shrugged and Sirius frowned a bit.  
“Need a day?” Remus asked quietly and Airakus nodded, the two looking at each other . 
“Stop with the telepathy guys, I'm helpless!” Sirius bugged and Remus chuckled as he
grabbed an apple, taking Sirius by the hand.
“We’ve got to get going love!” Remus serenaded Sirius who swooned right then and there,
Airakus pretending to gag again earning an eye roll from Remus.
It always shocked Airakus how Sirius would melt at the drop of a hat if Remus said
something attractive whatsoever .
“We’re having lasagna for dinner , is Seamus going to be back?” Remus asked and Airakus
nodded.
“I think so” Airakus replied, Remus smiled.
“Lasagna here, just us alright? Then a proper movie night again?” Remus of fered and
Airakus nodded excitedly .Remus and Sirius headed into the lounge, Airakus following them to say his goodbyes.
“Oh and you've got another letter ,” Remus added as he nodded towards the dining room
before he and Sirius apparated out of the house.
Airakus waited for them to disappear before he bolted into the dining room, nearly knocking
over the couch as he toppled over the back of it.
It wasn't a green envelope, and it clearly wasn't from Draco.  
It was a blue one, with 'Airy' written in scribbly handwriting on the envelope.
It was from Luna.  
Not from Luna's house, not from Draco.  
It was a letter from Luna.  
She had written it.  
Airakus sat down on the table as he ripped it open with his teeth freaking out.
Why the hell would Luna write him?  
They were family , she usually would just pop out of the fireplace or write Remus if she
needed something, Draco was the only one who wrote to him from their house.
 
Dear Airakus,
I'm sorry to write to you like this, I would come visit if I could but I can't manage to leave in
case he comes back.
Draco was here since he wrote you, his mother owled him a few times asking him to stay safe
but nobody requested he return to the manor , until yesterday evening when his father showed
up saying they needed him for something.
He wrote me, or well, I don't think it was him, but I got a letter this morning from Draco
saying he wasn't coming back and that he decided to stay at the manor the rest of the summer ,
which was odd, given I know just as well as you probably do that he hates it there.
He signed it, Blondie.  
It's awfully strange.  
I know you call him that sometimes and it was just really odd all together . 
If you hear from him please write me back, or just come visit! I need to see somebody , I feel
like I'm going mad.  
Or well, more mad than usual.
Please come soon?
Love, Luna
 Airakus changed out of his pyjamas in minutes and rushed to the fireplace, taking the floo to
the Lovegoods immediately . 
He didn't care that he wasn't supposed to go anywhere other than Grimmauld and W ales, and
he didn't care that everyone would be angry with him for leaving.  
If Luna was worried about Draco, then it must be rather important, besides, Luna never asked
Airakus to visit over the phone or over letters, she always just showed up at the house with
treacle tarts and a smile.
Airakus popped out of the brick fireplace, landing in Luna's lounge where she was sitting
drinking tea.  
All the curtains were drawn in the house, and it smelled like magic, like Xenophilius's magic.
“He put shield charms all over the house, told me not to send out too many owls." Luna
sighed after Airakus and her had talked for a few moments.
After some people had shown up asking for Draco, Xene had freaked out, unsure if they
would return, unsure if they were angry with him for letting Draco stay with them. He had
panicked.
“So Draco wrote you Luna, where's the letter?” Luna shook her head slowly , rummaging
through a pile of papers. She handed Airakus the note, her hand shaking.  
She was stressed, that much was clear .
The note was ripped on the sides and looked as though it had been crumpled up, Luna saying
it was like that when she got it.
 
Dear Luna Lovegood,
I've decided to stay at the manor until the start of school.  
my dad wants me to spend some time at home  
ill see you in september .
blondie.
 
It was strange that he wrote her full name, and that the normal overly punctuated and proper
letters that Draco wrote had seemingly changed.  
He had called Lucius 'my dad' something Airakus had never heard uttered from the boys
mouth in both years he had known him.  
He hadn't capitalized a thing other than Luna's name.  
It was odd. The bad kind of odd.
Airakus stayed with Luna the rest of the day , arriving home later that afternoon, well past six.  
He knew that Remus would be asking where he was, and he had accepted that he had to tell
them all the truth.When he arrived, Seamus was sitting in the lounge, Remus and Sirius in the kitchen.
“How was David?” Remus asked as Airakus took of f his sweatshirt, W ales relatively warmer
than England that day .
“Wasn't with David, flood to the Lovegoods,” Airakus replied, Seamus standing suddenly , his
eyes wide.  
For all Seamus knew , Draco was at the Lovegoods, and his mind didn't jump to something
awful had happened, it jumped to something good.
“You didn't tell her , did you Airy?” Remus groaned, Airakus shaking his head as he and
Remus entered the dining room to help the older man set the table.
“No, I just needed to visit her , she's the one who wrote me this morning.” Airakus sighed as
he put out the plates, Sirius carrying in the food, everyone taking a seat as they served out the
food.
“Smells good Rem,” Airakus grinned as he poured himself a glass of water , Seamus nodding.
“Wait, Luna wrote you? Why didn't she just come here?” Remus asked suddenly , the same
question Airakus had asked himself that morning when he saw who the letter was from.
“She was worried about Malfoy , some stuf f happened and he was staying there, but Lucius
came and got him, she got an odd letter from him saying he wasn't coming back last night, it
wasn't like him at all.” Airakus sighed as he ignored the look Sirius gave him.  
He knew this would happen, Remus and Seamus went along with most of the stuf f Airakus
did, and Airakus had told Remus not to mention the little bit he knew about Draco.  
But Sirius would pry .
“Malfoy? Lucius Malfoy's son? Y our friends with Draco Malfoy?'' Sirius asked, eyes wide.  
“No, Luna was worried so I went round, she was upset, they're mates, basically siblings or
something like that...they live near one another ." Airakus fibbed slightly , Seamus stamping
Airakus's foot under the table, Airakus trying not to make any sound .
Remus glared at Sirius as the long haired man opened his mouth to speak again.  
Seamus felt like he was being involved in a strange family drama as Airakus ate his dinner ,
avoiding eye contact with either of the adults at the table.
"Well, I hope Lunas alright?" Sirius asked, getting the message from Remus.  
"Yea, she'll live." Airakus scof fed as he wolfed down his plate of food.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, hes gone gone.  
Anywho, alots about to go down, but not for a while.  
the plot obviosuly changes ALOT for this fic, especialy with Draco, sixth year is bascilya whole lot of made up shit becuase I basicly have to rewrite it (currently working on
fifth so bare with me)  
Also Seamus is totaly the friend to abuse his mates, like in a chill way but still like wack
them and stuf f!!! 
ALSO WOLFST AR!Boats and Ciggerettes
Chapter Summary
Day of f, boating, Seamus, and Draco?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Number 12 Grimmauld Place was the same, or well, it was the same when he first arrived the
next morning, that was before he was swarmed by his friends.
Fred tackled Airakus down the stairs, Mione had to fix his broken hand after that one.
“You're lucky he noticed his hand was broken or he would have hit you!” Ron shook his head
while Hermione checked Fred’ s twisted ankle in case he too had broken a bone.
“Airy wouldn't hit me!” Fred scof fed, Airakus rolling his eyes.
Fred had a twisted ankle and spent the remainder of the morning moping about the house
complaining that nobody would give him a potion for it.  
Airakus escaped the twins and rushed upstairs to find Harry , he needed to talk to him
urgently .
“Airy?” Harry asked when he saw a familiar tall boy rushing into the study . 
“There you are mate, I've been looking everywhere in this bloody house!” Airakus chuckled
as he hugged Harry , a brotherly hug shared between them many times before, but this time it
had just solved whatever ar gument had happened from before, for the time being they had
mutually , and silently agreed, to ignore it.
“How's it going? When's the hearing?” Airakus asked, the tall boy remembering that his
brother was expelled from Hogwarts not even a week ago.  
“I think it's on Friday , or atleast, that's when Mr .Weasley says we're going, then back to
Hogwarts hopefully!” Harry laughed a bit, but Airakus could hear the nerves in his voice,
threatening to break through to his words. He was stressed, they all were.
“You'll be fine Harry , I promise.” Airakus nodded, grabbing each shoulder of the short boy in
front of him.  
Harry looked up at Airakus, his eyes slightly watering.
Airakus had noted when Harry had first arrived, that he had yet to cry . 
Not when he was rescued, not when he found Ron or Hermione, not when he was being shut
out of the meetings.  But now , standing in the hall with Airakus was enough to make him cry for what seemed like
the first time in at least a week.
Airakus pulled Harry into a hug, the dark haired boy began to sob and Airakus held him
tightly . Harry had cried to Airakus a few times, never like this, this was a Seamus and
Airakus thing.
When Seamus found Dean with a girl, or when Seamus’ s dad sent him a letter filled with
strange passive aggressive disapproval of everything Seamus did.  
That's when he would cry to Airakus, who would hold him tightly and remind him that
everything was going to be alright.  
Harry never really did that with Airakus, but he didn't do it with Ron or Hermione either
which made Airakus worried.
“It's going to be fine Harry , they can't expel you for defensive charms in emer gency
situations, you’ll be fine," Airakus kept telling the boy , but he continued to cry for at least ten
minutes before he finally snif fled the last bit of his tears and pulled away from Airakus
slowly .
“I'm sorry , I don't know why I started, why I did ... .erm...” Harry tried to explain himself but
Airakus just shook his head with a chuckle.  
“It's fine Harry , you need to let it out sometimes, I get it,” Airakus nodded reassuringly . 
Harry smiled for a moment before he hugged Airakus once more.
“Thank you, you're like my weird older brother sometimes you know that?” Harry chuckled
and Airakus felt a pang of guilt strike him.
‘I am your weird older brother!’ Airakus wanted to scream, but he couldn't, not yet.  
Harry didn't know about Remus and Sirius, so saying that through their godparents they were
technically brothers.  
Harry was still convinced that Sirius was his only godfather , and Airakus was Remus’ s son,
that was the extent of it.
That night Airakus stayed up until the early morning, playing muggle chess with Seamus in
his bedroom.  
He hadn't wanted to stay for dinner at Grimmauld and Seamus had wanted to go with him, so
the two of them decided to eat leftover sweets from the market for dinner .
“Do you fancy a trip tomorrow?” Airakus asked Seamus as the two of them lay in bed, side
by side, above the covers.  
They were both on Airakus’ s bed staring at the ceiling, where constellations and such were
drawn and painted on the wooden panel.
“Where into town?” Seamus asked, Airakus shook his head.  
“Out on the boat?” Airakus asked, Seamus raised an eyebrow at that.  
“What boat?” He asked.
“Have we never gone out on the old fishing boat together?” Airakus asked, suddenly very
excited about something.“Erm….no?” Seamus shook his head.  
“Yea, me and Rem have this old wooden fishing boat, it's under the deck! W e can go out
tomorrow , have a picnic!” Airakus explained excitedly . 
“Brilliant!” Seamus nodded with a smile as he got up to go into his bed, most likely to sleep
given it was nearly sunrise.
 
The next morning when Airakus woke up, Seamus was still dead asleep.
It was T uesday , three days until Harry’ s trial and basically the end of summer holidays, so
Airakus was prepared to drag his friends onto a ratty old boat and force them into the cold
lake.
He showered for a bit longer than he needed to, letting the water rush down his face and hair ,
finally relaxing for the first time in a few days.  
He got dressed into a pair of brown patchy shorts and a tan colored tank top, an outfit he
relied on heavily for the majority of the summer holidays.  
Airakus rushed downstairs after getting dressed and into the kitchen, where Remus and Sirius
were sitting making pancakes.
“Morning puppers!” Remus smiled as he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair , the tall boy now closer to
Remus’ s height than either were relatively used to.
Sirius smiled up at him, a mouthful of chocolate chips, he tossed the bag of them to Airakus
who grabbed them and shoved a handful of them into his mouth, Remus throwing the dish
rag at him yelling at him to put the bag down.
“I swear on merlin, we cant have chocolate chip pancakes if you two eat all the fucking
chocolate chips!” Remus sighed as he poured the few chocolate chips leftover into the batter .
“Oh you're just mad we’re having fun Professor Lupin sir!” Sirius rolled his eyes, Remus
scoffing with a chuckle.  
Airakus smiled as he sat on the counter , silently eating the chocolate chips that he and Sirius
had stolen.
Seamus came downstairs shortly afterwards, the four sitting down to eat their pancakes,
Sirius and Airakus still laughing and playing around, Remus still scof fing and rolling his eyes
all the while silently enjoying it.
“So, plans for the day?” Remus asked everyone. Sirius grinned.
“Well, I was thinking we could stay in today Mooney , because I'm too tired from last
nigh….” Sirius was cut of f by Remus kicking him under the table.  
Sirius grinned as he winked at Airakus who pretended to gag at Seamus who was laughing
hard.
“So, stay here today , do extra work tomorrow?” Sirius asked, and Remus nodded slowly ,
accepting defeat.“What about you kids? There's nobody other than the W easleys and Harry down at the order
today , everyone else is of f for the next few days on missions and breaks and other muck,"
Remus looked to Airakus.
“What sort of other muck?” he asked, Remus sighing with a smirk.  
“Other muck that I can't tell Seamus and Sirius about!'' Remus rolled his eyes, Seamus and
Sirius looking at each other and then back to Remus with a fake shocked look on both of their
faces, causing everyone to burst into laughter .
“What's muck? Why do both of you say muck?” Seamus asked Airakus and Remus.
“Well, it was originally just me, the W elsh accent mixed with Sirius and James’ s posh ones
made me create the weirdest words when we were younger . I used to call the stuf f we had to
do, like homework and stuf f, ‘muck’. Airakus kinda just got used to it when he was a baby I
suppose,” Remus sighed and Sirius smiled, he liked hearing Remus explain things, he liked
hearing Remus talk, he just liked Remus.
“Anyways, what are your plans?” Sirius asked Airakus after a few more minutes of eating.  
“Gonna go out on the old boat!” Airakus smirked, Remus chuckling.  
“That boats so old, you'll probably sink,” He chuckled at Airakus who rolled his eyes.  
“We’re wizards, I can apparate, we’ll be fine!” Airakus replied with a chuckle.
“You've got to stop doing underage magic, Harry’ s got expelled for it. What if you get
caught?” Seamus asked, Airakus shrugged.
“It's some W erewolf thing, where the ministry cant sense simple spells I do given Im a ‘dark
creature’. They think the apparition is my side alonging with Remus and if they send an auror
to ask questions, Remus or I usually scare them of f anyways, they don't like werewolves."
Airakus explained for the millionth time that summer , Seamus nodding sourley . “That's
well.... good, at least you can do magic!” Seamus sighed, Airakus nodded.
After breakfast, Remus and Sirius holed themselves up in Remus’ s bedroom, Remus claiming
to be going to ‘read’ Sirius going to ‘take a nap’ something neither of them bothered to try
and convince their very aware son that they were actually going to do.
Airakus and Seamus decided against getting the others for that day , or well, Seamus had
thought Airakus should take some more time to himself before school started and Airakus
hadn't bothered ar guing with him. So the two of them were now standing on the beach,
Airakus unlocking the small shed that Seamus hadn't bothered to ask about.
“There were are mate, how've ya been Betty Ol Pal?” Airakus grinned as he unblocked the
shed and flung the door opened, a rickety medal boat with chipping green paint lathering the
entire thing, the words ‘Betty’ written across the side in a cursive sort of swirl.
Seamus and Airakus then spent the next three consecutive hours dragging the relatively
heavy boat from the shed to the water , and then grabbing their stuf f which included dinner ,
cushions, life jackets and the record player which Airakus could simply fix with magic if it
got wet and broke.“Go on Sea!” Airakus told Seamus as the two boys pushed the boat into the water , Seamus
hopped into the metal death trap as Airakus pushed it the rest of the way out, jumping onto
the head of the boat as Seamus helped paddle out of the shallow rocky water .
They paddled out for a while, before Airakus got tired and enchanted the boat to paddle itself,
the tall boy laying, resting his head rest against the metal edge of the boat as Seamus put on a
record, Airakus lighting a cigarette.
“Oi, share tosser!” Seamus put out a hand, Airakus rolling his eyes as he handed Seamus a
ciggy as well.
“Two fags smoking fags!” Seamus joked with a chuckle as he leaned against the seat.  
They were far enough out that they could barely see the beach anymore and as Seamus
laughed, the sound echoed over the flat water .
Airakus rolled his eyes as he flicked the rest of his cig into the lake, not bothering to put it
out on the seat given Remus would notice the burn marks for sure.
“Tell me about something no one knows about,” Seamus sighed.  
Airakus sighing as well.
“Like what?” Airakus asked as he turned to face his best mate who was smoking his
cigarette, staring up at the faint stars that had begun popping up in the dark blue sky .
“Anything,” Seamus paused as he took in a breath.  
“Tell me about your family , your childhood, you never mention that at school...” Seamus
added, Airakus glancing at his friend who was watching him expectantly .
He knew his friends would eventually ask about his childhood, something he had never
mentioned willingly around any of them other than Harry or Seamus.
Airakus turned back to face the sky as he spoke, knowing this would be a longer chat.
“I was born into a pureblood family .” Airakus sighed as he thought about the things he knew .
“It had been an arranged marriage. My father Evan, he was in love with Barty Crouch Jr ,"
Airakus sighed, bracing for Seamus's shock.
“You mean the guys who nearly killed Harry last term?!” Seamus asked, eyebrows shooting
up as Airakus sighed breathy .
“Yep, that was technically my dad!'' Airakus grinned, Seamus sitting up as the other boy
continued.
“My mother was a pureblood witch, her father wanted her married of f even though
apparently she didn't want to. Remus always thought she was dating a muggle, and knowing
her parents wouldnt approve she married my dad, they were forced into it,” AIrakus sighed,
Seamus nodding.That was common in pureblood marriages, open relationships. It was actually more normal
than one would assume, nearly half of the pureblood families Airakus knew had at least two
marriages that secret or not were open ones.
“They had one son, me of course, trying to, well, provide 'satisfaction for their families'. My
fathers sister , Pandora, had a daughter , Luna, so they needed a boy , besides she had been
basically cut of f from the family after their parents died, she wasn't a death eaters, she was
good. Anyways, after my birth, my mother was around less and less, my father and Barty
taking care of me until I was around a year old. That's when Regulus died, my dads best
friend," Airakus paused as he thought.
"He went sort of crazy I guess."
"They were all involved in the Death Eater shit, but he had been trying to back out, join the
order , get protection from Dumbledore. Remus told me so himself. But he didn't in time and
after Regulus died, he lost it.” Airakus sighed, Seamus bracing himself for the one part of the
story he knew .
“It took 9 order members deaths, along with 12 casualties and a bunch of death eaters to take
him down. Moody lost his eye in that fight, and he...he was the one who killed him.” Airakus
chuckled.  
He had always found it ironic that the man who killed his father was like family to him and
Remus, or well, he had been before last year , everything that happened had put a strain on the
relationship.
“After that Barty tried to help my mother take care of me best he could, and he really did, but
with both of his best friends gone he was getting driven back into the inner circle of death
eaters, while my mom was trying to get out. Push and Shove, this and that, W erewolf attack
killed her and Remus saved me, and now we’re all caught up!” Airakus grinned at Seamus
who was looking at him a sorrowful look in his eyes.
“Airy , I never knew…” Seamus began.  
“No no, don't mind it Sea, I don't remember basically anything. It's just the moons that get
me...” Airakus chuckled.  
Those were the breaking points.  
The things that kept him up at night.  
The pain from the moons haunted him.  
But Seamus didn't need that on his conscious.
“How was it like growing up here? W ith Remus I mean? He seems like the best dad on
earth!” Seamus scof fed with a light chuckle as he turned over on his seat, now lying on his
stomach as he looked out over the water .
Airakus nodded.  
Remus was the best.  
Sure the drinking when he was younger wasn't great.  
The short fused teenage boy stuck in the body of a 25 year old man with the equally short
fused 9 year old Airakus had not been the most ideal situation.  
But Remus was the best.  The best Airakus could have asked for . 
And he wasn't going to change Seamus’ s view of the man over a few rough years.
“Yea he really is.” Airakus nodded, because it was the truth.  
Remus was the best, his situation was just shitty .
They lit more cigarettes after a while, Airakus sighing as he handed Seamus the last one in
his pack.
“Did I tell you that Dean caught me smoking out the balcony a few weeks into second term
last year and took a drag from the bloody thing before closing the window on me?” Seamus
chuckled, Airakus sitting up as he laughed.
“WHA T?!” Airakus managed through his laughter as Seamus nodded.
“Yea, I had to flag down one of the twins, for got which one, they were flying around on the
pitch, came and got me of f the roof!” Seamus laughed, rolling over onto his back, unable to
get comfortable on the wooden seats.
Airakus only had that happen twice, he had just summoned a broom.
“When do you think Dean’ll realise I fancy him?” Seamus asked with sigh, changing the tone
of their light conversation.  
The sun was setting and the mood for a deep talk was settling on the boy's shoulders, Airakus
sighing.
“I think he already knows Sea, I just think he doesn't want to admit it to himself. I feel like he
fancies you back and wont say anything yet...” Airakus sighed.  
He knew it wasn't just a feeling, Dean had basically confirmed it for Airakus multiple times
and after that ar gument between him and Ron, Airakus was 99 percent sure that Dean felt the
same for Seamus.  
But he wasn't going to betray Dean's trust like that, he would tell Seamus when he felt that it
was good for him, and if worse came to worst, he'd never say anything at all.  
That was his choice.
Seamus scof fed as he stubbed out his cig on the bench, Airakus cursing him in his head given
he'd have to explain that one to Remus eventually .
“I think you're going mad mate, there's no way that Dean Thomas fancies me, I'm nothing
compared to him.” Seamus sighed, Airakus shaking his head with a tsskt.
“Don't say that Sea, you're the greatest! And Dean loves you either way ,” Airakus replied,
Seamus chuckling slightly as he looked up at the stars settling into the dark sky .
“But you understand what I mean right?” Seamus sighed, Airakus pausing whatever he was
doing as he looked to his best mate.
“Thinking that somebody is just so right, even if it feels wrong. Even if you're not supposed
to feel what you do for them, is it just right? Thinking they’re just so perfect, and all it does isdrive you mad. Getting that odd feeling at the bottom of your stomach, that feels like you've
been running for too long, whenever you see them? The only way to get rid of it is to be near
them, but you know it'll just come back because your never satisfied, because it's never
enough, you just need all of them to know all of you, to be your other half you know?”
Seamus rambled, Airakus staring at Seamus, eyes going wide.
“But it'll never happen, because what we feel isn't normal and what they do is,” Seamus
chuckled as he turned to Airakus who was still staring at him, now zoned out, thoughts racing
faster than him on his broom.
“Yea, I get it.” Airakus sighed as he shifted in his seat, returning his gaze to the sky as
Seamus sighed once more.
That night as Airakus and Seamus snuck into the house late, Seamus snoring within minutes,
Airakus stared at the ceiling of his bedroom, clicking his compass open and closed as his
brain continued to race.
The odd feeling.  
Seamus felt that way about Dean.  
Airakus felt that way about Draco.  
But he didn't fancy Malfoy . 
He couldn't fancy Malfoy . 
It was ridiculous.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, some realisation in this chapter , but dont get T OO excited buddies, weve stll got
a ways to go!September 1995
Chapter Summary
Hogwarts, Moody , Dumbedlore and the new Defense Against The Dark Arts
Proffesor ......?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning Seamus and Airakus stayed in W ales, down on the beach skipping rocks all
day. Airakus had once again let everyone know that he wouldn't be going to Grimmauld and
therefore Seamus stayed back with him, they were a package deal now .
Wednesday came and went, a few worried letters had been sent to Luna, but she hadn't heard
from Malfoy . 
Dean hadn't written Seamus back in at least a week, so Airakus sent him a letter telling him
to write him before the Irish boy popped.
On thursday Airkaus went to Grimmauld for the morning before heading back to W ales to
pack.  
He was side along apparating with an adult back to Hogwarts given only teachers could
apparate in and out and Remus had had that privilege revoked recently , and once again he
was arriving early because of the full moon.
He and Seamus both had all their school things packed when Remus met them in the living
room.  
“Ready to go?” Remus asked and Airakus nodded silently , Seamus answering a quick ‘yep’
as the three of them took the floo to number 12 Grimmauld place.
Airakus spent a few hours in the drawing room packing more books for him and Hermione,
Harry and Ron bothering him from the corner of the room as Airakus nodded and agreed with
whatever they were saying.
He was antsy because of the moon tomorrow and now his mind wouldn't stop going back to
Seamus and him on the boat, the feeling he so vividly remembered that Seamus so perfectly
described grinding into the back of his head like a curse.
He eventually was standing in the doorway , waiting for someone to tell him anything about
who was taking him, if anyone was going with him, what was even going on, before Remus
and Sirius appeared in the corridor .
“So, who's taking me then?” Airakus asked and Remus sighed.  
“Dumbledore” he replied and Airakus nearly fainted.  “Why is he taking me! Why not Poppy!?” Airakus tried to reason but Remus only shook his
head.
“He needs to talk to you, in his of fice, that's why you're leaving early ,” Remus sighed and
Airakus scof fed with a nod. He went to all the meetings, he went on missions, he behaved, he
followed the rules, he helped, but of course nobody told him anything actually important until
the last minute.
Airakus hugged Seamus goodbye, reminding his best mate that he'd see him in two days and
that Seamus didn't need to hug him so tight that his lungs collapsed.
Remus then grabbed Airakus and embraced him.
“Have a good moon puppers, I'm on a, a mission, so, I won't be there,” Remus said, again,
saving all information until the last minute.
Airakus didn't ar gue, he knew what the mission was.
Instead he just hugged Remus even tighter , saying his final goodbye until the next holiday
before he walked outside of the house to see Albus Dumbledore standing right on the front
steps.
“Mr.Rosier , please take my arm.” The old man said simply . 
Airakus didn't even speak, he just took the mans arm and prepared to apparate.
The way in which Dumbledore apparated was so dif ferent.  
Airakus had never side alonged with anyone other than Remus, so he hadn't thought of the
way normal W izards magic must feel.
Airakus could feel it rushing through him as the world spun in swirls, slowly transforming
into the warm of fice of the headmaster of Hogwarts.
“So, how have you been Mr .Rosier?" Dumbledore said after insisting that Airakus take a seat,
the house elves already having taken his trunk up to his dorm.  
“Fine I guess,” he replied shortly . 
Airakus didn't like Dumbledore very much, he had a strange feeling about the old wizard, he
always had.
“Good. Now Mr .Rosier , I'm assuming Alastor told you what we would be discussing?”
Dumbledore asked and Airakus shook his head.
He hadn't seen Moody in days and they had barely spoken in the past week.
What was he supposed to talk to Albus about? Whatever it was, either Moody hadn't told him
or he didn't remember .
“Oh, well. There are a few things we need to discuss. Let's start with the simple parts....”
Dumbledore began an Airakus prepared to remember everything that this old fool was about
to say , because if Airakus knew anything about Dumbledore, it was that he always meant
something behind his words, they were always calculated and precise, that man said nothing
on accident.“You are starting your 5th year , O.W .L.S are at the end of term. I expect you to do well, but I
do request that you help prepare your fellow students for their defense against the dark arts
O.W.L.S.” Dumbledore provided and Airakus made a mental note. Something about DADA.
“I request that you help Hagrid with his care of magical creatures class given you got all O’ s
in that subject for the past two years. The first years this term are working with Bowtruckles,
which I believe you aided Hagrid in taking care of last year?” Dumbledore asked, Airakus
nodding.
“So I ask you to help Hagrid with the Bowtruckles after the first year's classes, given they
will need more attention than the other creatures this year ,” he continued. Something about
Hagrid.
“If you receive letters from Alastor or myself, you will read them alone, they will most likely
be related to meetings with the order or missions you will be being sent on. Y ou will also be
allowed to floo to headquarters for meetings if your schedule allows it," the old man said as
he stirred his cup of tea slowly . 
Airakus was making mental notes, he felt as if he was in T ransfiguration class, overwhelming
amounts of information being thrown at him.
“We have a new head boy and girl, and a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher , and it
is your choice if you would like them to be aware of your ... .erm, situation. In your early
years it was necessary , but Madame Pomfrey and I agree that you're old enough to decide
who is aware and who is not.” Dumbledore said, pausing for Airakus to answer .
“No, no, they don't need to know ." Airakus replied quickly and Dumbledore nodded in
understanding.
“Alastor , he will be spending a lot of time apparating inbetween the castle and number twelve
Grimmauld Place. I understand if you wish not to speak to him but we are determined to
integrate you into the more intense side of the missions, and therefore you will need to rely
on him completely .” Dumbledore added, raising an eyebrow at Airakus which confused him.
“Sir, me and Moody are great? He's basically family , we've been around each other since I
was rather young?” Airakus responded confused as he looked to Dumbledore for some sort of
explanation.
“Ah, I merely assumed you'd have a distaste for him given the circumstance..” Dumbledore
cleared his throat.
“With your father .” Dumbledore finished.
“Is that everything?” Airakus asked, fuming. Dumbledore nodded.
Airakus didn't even wait for a response before he stormed out of Dumbledore's of fice and
towards the great hall, his fists white, clenched at his sides.
He hated talking about his father with people who weren't close.Anyone other than Harry , Seamus or Remus and Sirius were of f limits to mention Evan in a
casual conversation and especially not things like his death.
Airakus was aware that Moody had been the one to take Evans' life, but he was a death eater ,
in a bliss of rage after Regulus’ s death, and he had attacked Moody first.
Airakus had always known this, since he was young.
But if Dumbledore had not been aware of how close they were, then he was assuming
Airakus even knew that Moody had been the one to kill his dad.
He hated the old bastard.  
Airakus was turning into Remus.  
He scof fed.
Airakus's thoughts were interrupted when he arrived in the great hall to see the teachers all
eating at the staf f table, him once again being the only student there.
In his rage at Dumbledore he had nearly for gotten that he was the only student in the entire
castle until Sunday night.
“Afternoon Mr .Rosier!" Madame Hooch smiled as she waved at Airakus, passing him to
reach the teachers table.  
Airakus sat down at the head of Gryf findor table, closest to the teachers so as to not feel
completely alone.
He ate his roasted chicken while looking at the table. He saw the same teachers, Professor
Sinistra, Madame Hooch, Madame Pomfrey and Professor Mcgonagall who were bent over a
magazine of some sort, laughing together like school girls.
Snape wasn't there, which was odd as he should already be at the school.  
Professor Flitwick and Professor Binns, Professor Sprout, Professor Carrow , Professor
Babbling, Mrs V ector and T rewlany were all spread across the table.  
It looked strange without Moody being up there, or Barty Crouch Jr Airakus supposed.
Airakus was eating his dinner , thinking about the moon that night. He was surprised that he
felt so good, although the hunger and the anger were already kicking in.
He scanned up and down the table once or twice before the doors to the great hall opened
again, to reveal a short, toad-like woman dressed in pink head to toe.
She had pursed lips and wrinkly skin, she was so short compared to Airakus that one might
think she was a child and her brown hair was in some sort of hair sprayed bob placed
intricately on top of her head.
“Afternoon everyone!” She chimed in, halting the teachers conversations, her voice made
Airakus’ s already sensitive ears ring in annoyance.
She sounded like a rat, and it reminded Airakus of Hannah Abbot’ s girly voice immediately . 
“Afternoon Dolores,” Dumbledore replied, the rest of the staf f remaining silent.  Airakus turned from the woman to look at Dumbeldore who was already looking at him.
He mouthed the words, ‘new professor?’ and Dumbledore nodded.  
So at least this annoying woman didn't know he was a W erewolf.
She walked down the center of the hall, stopping just to the left of Airakus who had returned
his focus to the third helping of dinner he was currently working on.
“And who are you? I wasn't aware students were allowed to come early?” She asked the boy .
Airakus was, well, still dressed in his normal clothes. Baggy pants and a dark t-shirt, his
necklace hung around his neck, hanging just above his plate of food.
His scars were very noticeable, given the tan Airakus had received made them pop quite a bit
and his hair had grown longer since last year , now curling around his ears and down his neck,
fluffy and curly , auburn and black all mixed into some sort of nest.
“Airakus" He introduced himself, putting down his fork and knife to shake the woman's
hand.  
“Bless you” she said slowly , Airakus holding back a scof f.
“And why , again, are you here three days in advance?” She asked, Airakus was a bit frozen,
he thought that all the teachers had been informed of his early arrival, but he guessed now ,
that the other staf f were used to him being here early , and if she didn't know he was a
Werewolf, there was virtually no explanation.
“He was staying with me during the last bit of summer holidays, had to bring him along!”
Madame Pomfrey smiled the woman glanced at her before smiling widely at Airakus.
“Well, I'm Professor Umbridge, your new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher!” She
squeaked as she ignored Airakus’ s hand, still awaiting a hand shake, and continued to the
teachers table, sitting down beside Professor Binns.
“So Airakus, how's Remus?” Professor Sprout asked, Airakus swallowed his mouth full of
food before speaking.
“Ooh brilliant, he had a great summer , lots of beach days down in W ales!" Airakus lied with
a smile. “Remus, Lupin?” Umbridge asked, Airakus paused for a moment before nodding.
“He's my dad, I live with him in W ales, right on the water , great spot!” Airakus gave a short
answer , now feeling like he was on some sort of trial with the adults all looking down on him
from the teachers table.
She gave Dumbledore a side glance before she continued eating.
“So, spend the summer with Mr .Finnigan again?” Professor Flitwick asked, Seamus and
Airakus being some of his favourite students by far .
“Oh yea, all summer , he's been staying with us," Airakus smiled and Flitwick nodded,
Umbridge giving them both glares as they spoke.“Do you want to spend the night in your dorm or in the hospital wing?” Madame Pomfrey
asked Airakus after around 20 more minutes of assorted chatting between the teachers.
“Dorm, I've got to unpack before Harry and Ron get here or I'll just end up leaving my stuf f
in the trunk all week,” Airakus replied.
“Harry Potter? I was under the impression he was expelled?” Umbridge asked, Airakus
whipped his head around to the woman.
“Yes, he was technically , but it was an unfair judgement given he was defending himself
which ISN'T illegal whatsoever ,” Airakus smiled passive aggressively as Poppy and Minerva
looked down at him proudly , Dumbledore giving him a glance of appreciation.
Clearly this was going to be a long few days without his friends.
“Well, I need yer elp with em Bowtruckles tomorrow after dinner if yer don't mind? If yer up
to it that is o’course,” Hagrid smiled from the end of the table.
Airakus looked up at the giant.  
“Yea I'll come round on Saturday if Poppy lets me!” Airakus sighed, Madame Pomfrey
scoffing. 
“I'm sorry that I don't want you to split open wounds and bleed out Mr .Rosier!” Poppy threw
her hands in the air as Airakus and Mcgonagall chuckled, as long with the rest of the staf f.
“Im sorry?” Umbridge squealed once again, Airakus rolling his eyes as he ate more of his
dinner silently .
He was starving, even on serving 6 he was still hungry . 
“Did you say Mr .Rosier?” Umbridge seethed at Poppy who was avoiding eye contact, caught
off guard.
“Yes?” She replied shortly , Unbridge chuckled, more like an annoying squeak, like a mouse,
or a trumpet.  
“I thought the Rosier's were all married of f. Lovegood married to the last one that's not
dead?” Umbridge chuckled, her nose in the air .
Airakus tensed.  
He wanted to hex the sneer of f that bloody woman's face.  
If this horrid woman was really the new DADA teacher then Airakus understood why
Dumbledore had asked him to help out.
“Yes Delores, there aren't any Rosiers left other than the Lovegood's daughter .” Madame
Hooch of fered as an answer to her annoying dig, but she didn't want to stop there.
“So then, who's your family Mr .Rosier? Are you Lovegood?" She kept digging.  
Airakus was properly frustrated now .
“No, I'm not a Lovegood, I'm a Rosier , my father is dead, it's not something I care to talk
about so if you would so kindly bugger of f I would greatly appreciate it Professor!” Airakussmiled at the woman sarcastically .
He wasn't one to shy away from insulting a professor , cursing at a teacher or using magic
illegally . 
So why on earth would he care if Umbridge was cross with him, or if he got a detention
before the term was even started.
Umbridge turned to Dumbledore in shock, her mouth agape.
“Well then, that's that, I'm of f to my of fice, see you all in the morning.” Dumbledore smiled
as he stood and walked of f, patting Airakus on the shoulder as he swayed out of the great
hall.
Airakus finished his last helping before waving goodbye to the teachers he liked and dashing
out of the great hall.
Umbridge was apparently very shocked at his height, and scars that seemed to be more
visible when he stood, because when the boy got up from Gryf findor table she gasped.
Gryfindor tower was strangely empty , it was like Easter during Airakus’ s first year , third for
everyone else.
They all stayed because Mr and Mrs W easley went to visit Bill, and Gryfindor tower was
basically empty . 
But this time, it actually was empty , Airakus was the only one.
He walked up the boy's stairs and into his dorm, his trunk was on his bed, nearest to the
window . 
He unpacked, hanging his Bowie Poster poster on the wall beside his bed.
Unpacking all his muggle books onto his shelf, the photos that Remus had given him on his
first day at Hogwarts now framed and hanging above his bed.  
The one of his father , the one of Remus and the rest of his friends, the one of Seamus and
Airakus in W ales.
Airakus finished unpacking and listened to some records.
By eleven pm, he was completely unpacked and ready for his friends to get there.  
But that was the problem, his friends were not coming for another three days, and one of his
friends might not be coming at all.
Airakus didn't sleep that night, he blasted records so loud he thought that the professors for
sure had heard him.
He dug through Seamus’ s closet looking for an old hoodie that the short Irish boy had stolen
years ago.  
He played with his wand, casting mini firework charms to entertain himself.  
He ate all his sweets from the summer . 
He drew , he read, he reor ganized the record collection.He passed out soon after , dead asleep on the floor , unprepared for the moon ahead of him.
Chapter End Notes
so yea, I legitimately hate Umbridge with every working bone in my body so be
prepared for the hate.  
Also this year is very filler based given NOTHING HAPPENS UNTIL THE END>  
So also get ready for some new tropes and friendships and stuf f to fill my ever hungry
brain.Draco bloody Malfoy?
Chapter Summary
Draco Malfoy?  
Realizations galore, and Umbridge again...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day was short lived.
He woke up, legs stif f as a board and shoulder on fire with pain.
He called Dobby who rushed for Madame Pomfrey , the witch apparating them both to the
hospital wing before giving Airakus his W olfsbane and a dreamless sleep.
By the time his potions wore of f and he awoke, it was already sunset.
He was ansty , he was hungry , and he could smell every witch, wizard, animal and human in a
six mile radius.
Although he was hungrier than a starved zoo animal, his appetite was basically the size of an
ant. 
So he ate a few bites of mashed potatoes before Madame Pomfrey helped lead him to the
shack.
The moon rose as it always did, Airakus felt the usual cracking of bones and tearing of skin,
transforming into a beast.
This was again, one of the worst moons at Hogwarts.
It was always at Hogwarts alone when he hurt himself the worst, tearing at his own skin,
begging to rip himself apart.  
The hunger was overtaking him and the ur ge to snap the chains and escape was
overwhelming the wolf inside.
Airakus tore apart his biggest scar , the one across his chest that went from one shoulder to the
opposite hip. He also tore at his ear a lot, apparently the mere sound of owls in the silent
night had enraged the hungry wolf. His shoulder was dislocated, along with his right knee
which had been bothering him for the past week on and of f anyways.
He was a bloody mess by the time Poppy came for him that Saturday morning.He slept all morning and through lunch, reading under the covers so that Poppy didn't scold
him for straining his eyes.
Around 4 Madame Pomfrey opened his curtains, looking down at the tent like contraption
Airakus had made with his sheets.
“If you're healthy enough to sit up and read all afternoon, you're healthy enough to eat dinner
in the great hall.” Poppy scof fed as she ripped the sheets of f of Airakus’ s mangled hairy head.
Airakus apprehensively stood up, his knee wobbling as he did so.
Madame Pomfrey had been able to heal his shoulder , as she usually was able to, but his knee
had been trickier given he had damaged it enough in the past for it to hurt, but not for
Madame Pomfrey to notice.
Airakus tried to walk and immediately fell, the tall boy catching himself with a levitation
charm he had cast in the last second.
“Maybe I should grab a cane?” he asked and Poppy just tutted. “You'll live, let me cast a few
more healing charms and a few layers of wrap should be just fine.” Madame Pomfrey said as
she helped Airakus back to his bed, casting at least seven more charms before tightening a
wrap of gauze around Airakus’ s freshly scared leg.
He stood, and although the pain was still there, Airakus didn't fall over .
“There, good enough, if your appetites as lar ge as your pain tolerance then I'd think dinners
in order!” Madame Pomfrey smiled at Airakus who nodded back, following the medi witch
as she left the hospital wing, limping all the way .
It was already late, around halfway through dinner , Dumbledore, Mcgonagall, Flitwick,
Trelawny and Hagrid were the only teachers left, along with Umbridge who Airakus had
decided to ignore
“Afternoon Mr .Rosier , have a nice night?” Dumbledore asked, looming his head a bit at the
tall boy as he pulled his wrapped knee over the long Gryfindor bench.
“Just cheery Professor!” Airakus smiled sarcastically back up at Dumbledore.
Airakus ate his stew silently , trying to ignore Umbridge's squeaks and questions.
Soon enough he was done eating and ready for bed, even though he had slept all day .
“Ready to go back?” Madam Pomfrey asked as she stood, reaching out for Airakus who was
still slightly limping, Umbridge was eyeing them suspiciously which wasn't helping at all.
“Poppy poppy poppy , If I'm healthy enough to nearly re-dislocate my shoulder from falling,
limp my ass here, and sit up for at least an hour eating, then I think I can sleep in my dorm!”
Airakus smirked up at Madame Pomfrey who was glaring down at him defeated.“Rub the adhesive on the big scar before bed and again in the morning, leave the brace on
and cast another healing charm over it tomorrow . Report back to me the minute you wake up,
i'll need to check everything, can't have you being carried downstairs by Mr .Thomas and
Weasley on their first night back.” Poppy scolded him as she waved Airakus of f, the boy
smiling back to her , before rushing out of the hall as fast as his knee could take him.
He barely had slipped of f his shirt by the time he fallen asleep, the familiar sense of
dreamless sleep encompassed him. Poppy had most likely slipped him one so that he didn't
stay up all night, like he would if given the opportunity .
So Airakus fell asleep, the new moon rising and falling with his breath.
When Airakus woke up he was refreshed.  
There was a smell set over Hogwarts, a familiar one that Airakus couldn't make out over the
drowning scent of treacle tarts in the great hall.
He got dressed, vaguely in uniform, given that the other students would be arriving that night
around dinner and Airakus would rather not have to change for that.
He grabbed a few books and rushed out of the Gryf findor Common room, strolling down the
halls as he made his way to the Great Hall, following his nose.
When he arrived and entered, Snape was there.  
Maybe Snape was the odd scent he couldn't make out over the food, but Airakus quickly
dismissed the thought as the actual scent of his Potions professor flooded his nose.
He sat down at the end of Gryf findor T able again, mumbling good mornings to the professors
as he sat down.
It was clearly a quiet moment, the professors cherishing the silence before the students
arrived, so Airakus sat and ate half the treacle tarts at the table, putting some in a napkin to
give to Harry that night given those were the boys favourite bakes.
He left breakfast rather early , wanting to go to the library and get a few books out before the
other students could.  
Airakus was walking down the center of the hallway , the sound of his humming echoing in
the empty corridor .
He was cherishing this moment.  
Realising that Harry might not arrive tomorrow . 
That Draco might not arrive tomorrow . 
That something could have happened at the order and he would never hear from Remus
again.  
Those thoughts flooded the boy's brain all night during the full, but now , now he was
humming as he strolled around the empty castle.
He was minding his own business, when he stopped dead in his tracks, staring ahead.  
In front of him was the one person he was begging to see, only he was here hours early .Airakus didn't even get a word out before Draco had him trapped in a hug, the silent sound of
sobs echoing through Airakus’ s still sensitive ears.
“M…Draco?” Airakus asked, almost bewildered that the boy was really here.  
Sure he had a suspicion that Draco may not arrive back at Hogwarts, but it wasn't until Draco
backed away , allowing Airakus to really grasp the fact that he was here, safe, that he realized
that fear could be dismissed.
“Why are you here early?!” Draco asked as he held Airakus out at arms length, the Slytherins
hands on Airakus’ s shoulders, the taller boy frozen.  
“Moon.” Airakus replied in shock, brain racing, barely able to pay attention to Draco given
the pain in his shoulder that Malfoy was gripping was becoming overwhelming.
“Oh shit sorry , your shoulder!” Draco exclaimed as he ripped his hand away , Airakus’ s
wrapped up shoulder suddenly feeling rather cold.
“Why ..wait, why are you here early?” Airakus asked, snapping back into the reality of the
situation.  
Nobody else was coming until the feast that night.
Draco looked around them as if checking for people, which was ridiculous given they were in
a closed of f corridor in a basically empty castle.
“Library?" Draco asked, Airakus nodding at his books as the blonde began walking, Airakus
matching his pace best he could, even with his knee in extreme pain.
“I tried to write you, before I left Luna's and all, I sent her a note, I, I hinted for her to tell you
but I'm not sure if she did, did she?” Draco asked as they walked right beside each other
down the hall, the blonde boy peeking around each corner , walking swiftly down the corridor ,
Airakus only looking at him as he skipped after the fast Slytherin.
“Y..yea she did," Airakus supplied, Draco sighing with relief as a small smile played across
his face.
“Thank god, that helps the story . Well, my father came to get me, needed me home. He sat
me down in the manor , mother was there but you know how she is, never stands up to him,”
Draco sighed, Airakus nodding.
He did know , because Draco had told him, because Draco told him everything, but Airakus
didn't tell Draco anything.  
It itched at the back of his throat as Malfoy explained what had happened.
His father had tried to make him stay at the manor , with his 'work colleagues’ who Draco
knew were all Death Eaters. He had begged his mother to let him write Luna but she had said
he couldn't without his father finding out.  
He eventually managed to get her to send him to stay with Severus for the last week of
summer , so he came with Snape, which explained his early arrival.Airakus and Draco had just entered the Library , Madam Pince wasn't there, just a few ghosts
and Peeves who was tossing books around.
As they sat down, Draco explained a bit more of the things that had happened over the
summer , Airakus listening his determination.  
He would tell this boy everything in the world if it made the odd feeling go away . 
Because he wanted it to go away .
“I..I'm sorry for rambling. I just needed to tell you, I promised I'd tell you everything when I
saw you!” Draco sighed looking rather guilt stricken all of a sudden, avoiding eye contact as
he tended to do.
“Draco it's fine, I wanted to know , I needed to know you were ok! Y ou can ask Seamus, he's
been worried about me all break, Ive been erm..moping apparently!” Airakus scof fed, Draco
laughing.  
Odd feeling.  
‘Go away’ Airakus thought to himself as he smiled at the Slytherin boy .
“You didn't stay with the W easleys this summer did you? Luna said you weren't planning on
it when I was there?” Draco sighed, changing the subject to Airakus, Airakus paused a bit.  
He would tell this boy everything.  
It was only fair . 
If Draco trusted him then he trusted Draco.  
They were friends.
“No I didn't, I was dealing with a lot this summer , I..I joined the Order ...” Airakus sighed,
Draco’ s eyes widening.
He knew what that was, at least Airakus wouldn't be explaining that to the boy . It was
obvious that Draco was involved in a lot of discussions with his father and ‘friends’ and he
had told Airakus details about that, so why shouldn't Airakus tell Draco the same.
“Like, the order of the phoenix?? My father said they were forming again, I didn't know you
were, that Remus might be a part of it?” Draco replied, but he didn't look scared, or angry , he
looked rather worried to tell the truth.
“They don't make you go on missions or anything, do they Akis?” Draco asked, Airakus
wanting to grin, he loved that nickname.
“Well not that many , and nothing that dangerous, Mrs.W easley would kill them if they did,
just I'm the only kid," Airakus sighed, Draco nodding with a sarcastic scof f.
“Yea I get that." He sighed, and Airakus felt a pang of guilt.
He was proud to be a member of the Order , even though he had not relatively chosen it.  
Draco was probably the opposite, and he too had not chosen it.
“You know , that invitation from the world cups still open Blondie. Anytime, just floo over!”
Airakus added, remembering a conversation that he and Draco had had in the woods beforethe world cup, one where he had told Malfoy to stay with him and Draco had scof fed and
rolled his eyes.
It was rather ridiculous, unless Draco was planning on running away like Sirius did, then that
wasn't necessarily a viable option.  
His parents would find him, and if he had planned on going back it might, complicate things.
“Again, Remus wouldn't be too happy about that," Draco sighed, staring out the window .
“Actually , he might not care, given he found out…erm…over the summer . I sort of, well, he
knows we talk to each other , and well, well, after Luna wrote me and I went to see her there
was a bit of a scene at dinner ....” Airakus chuckled, Draco's eyes going wide as he turned and
stared at Airakus.
“Who knows about this?” Draco asked, gesturing between the two of them.  
Airakus chuckled awkwardly .
“Well, Seamus, Remus ...maybe Sirius…..I think Hermione might…..Luna obviously ,”
Airakus explained, nodding as he finished, Draco nodding as well, taking in the information
best he could.
“Ok and I told Pansy , Theo, Blaise and erm….well my mother…” Draco said, sucking in air
through his teeth as he looked at Airakus nervously , unsure what the Gryf findor would say .
“You told your mum about me, Malfoy? How cute!” Airakus teased as he reached out,
poking Draco’ s chest as the other boy looked back at him, droppings of anticipation as he
stared into Airakus's eyes quite seriously .
“You alright mate?” Airakus asked, Draco nodding as he shuf fled in his seat, clearing his
throat as he straightened his robes, looking out the window once more.
“Well I've got to bring these to the dorm, fancy a tour of Gryf findor T ower?” Airakus asked,
ignoring the odd look Draco had just given him.  
The Slytherin grinned.
“If I have permission to tell all my friends that I snuck in then yes." Draco replied, Airakus
chuckling with a nod as they both stood, Airakus throwing his arm over Draco's shoulder .
“You kill me Malfoy , you'd be the best addition to the W easley twins pranking municipality if
you weren't such an asshole!” Airakus sighed, Draco scof fing as they made their way to
Gryffindor T ower .
The T ower was, admittedly , better than the Slytherin common room, and that was obvious as
Draco gawked at every detail of the room, the boy grinning when he saw the fireplace,
dashing for it as he sat there warming his hands.
“Malfoy it's summer , how are you cold?” Airakus chuckled as he tossed his books onto the
sofa, saying he'd grab them later , knowing he'd most likely for get.“I just am alright? It's not my fault you're a goddamn walking heater , now I know why!”
Draco sighed as he stared into the fire.
“C'mon Malfoy , I need to go upstairs, and besides, I've have to open the window upstairs or
the dorm might catch fire.” Airakus rolled his eyes as headed upstairs, Draco rushing after
him.
Airakus was now opening the window , grabbing his cigs for a quick smoke before he'd have
half his mates on his ass about it for the next ten months.
Draco Malfoy was sitting on the edge of Airakus’ s bed, his robe beside him given it was too
hot to wear it in the dorms, his tie hanging across the end of the boy's bed.
“Merlin, I guess it is sort of hot up here,” Draco chuckled as he wiped his forehead with the
back of his hand, Airakus turning to him as he went to light his cigarette.
They sat there for a few minutes in silence, Airakus staring at some bird that was out near the
owlery , Malfoy looked out across the grounds with a small smile on his face as he leaned
against the window frame.
“I wish we could do this all the time, hangout in the halls and in the dorms, without anyone
bothering us....” Draco admitted as he handed Airakus back the nearly dead cig.  
Airakus nodded with a chuckle.
“Agreed” He sighed, Draco nodding.
When the two boys arrived in the great hall together that night, every head at the staf f table
turned.
Poppy smiled at the boys, the rest of the table looking either confused or slightly worried that
they were going to fight or something.
Snape just looked tired.
Airakus turned to Draco who was no longer beside him, he was now sitting at the Slytherin
table filling his plate given he had missed breakfast after all.
Airakus looked to Poppy who nodded at him.
He sat down beside Draco as he too filled his plate.
Lunch was dead silent, even the boys didn't talk to each other until Airakus caught the look
that Snape was giving him, and he broke down into a fit of hysterical laughter , Draco holding
back a chuckle as he followed Airakus's gaze and too saw his godfathers look.
He also began laughing until Airakus was on the ground having fallen of f the bench and
Draco was mindlessly sitting on the bench trying to pull him up.
“BOYS!” A woman screamed, Draco and Airakus both whipping their heads to the staf f table
to see Umbridge, who Airakus had of fhandedly decided to call Umbitch, standing from herspot, glaring at the pair .
“Yes?” Airakus asked, Draco looking between him and the woman he didn't recognize quite
alarmed.
“Do behave yourselves! This is meal time and I will not settle for this tomfoolery whilst I
eat!” Umbridge scof fed, as if the children laughing was making her blood boil.  
It probably was.  
She seemed like she hated kids.
Airakus nodded and mumbled an apology as he began picking at his food, it was his fourth
serving after all.  
Werewolf things.
“Who's that?” Draco mumbled in a whisper to Airakus.  
The staf f were now in a conversation about school things, so the boys could whisper without
drawing attention to themselves.
“Dolores Umbridge, apparently she's the new DADA teacher ,” Airakus sighed, Draco raising
his eyebrows as he looked back at the woman.
“She seems like a right foul woman, why work at a school if you hate kids so much?” Draco
scoffed at Airakus nodding.
“Yea, I've decided to call her Umbitch from now on!” Airakus mumbled, Draco’ s mouth
filling with air as he held his breath, attempting not to laugh again, but he couldn't hold it.
They were both bent over laughing once more, Draco’ s head on the table, Airakus’ s hand on
the other boy's shoulder as they tried to stop, Umbridge yelling at them once more.
“Oh Dolores, leave them be!” Mcgonagall snapped at the woman Umbridge scof fing as she
sat down, Draco and Airakus continuing to laugh.
“Im...sorry ... .Minnie…..It's just……an inside….joke….” Airakus made out through
hiccups, which was making Draco laugh harder .
“Boys out of the hall please, if you cannot contain yourselves,” Dumbledore sighed after
Umbridge had giving him a nasty glance, the old man sharing a glance with Minerva that was
somewhat humour .
Draco and Airakus stumbled out of the great hall, giggling the whole way out until the doors
closed behind them, the two bursting out into laughter .
“Why are we laughing again?” Draco managed through his own laughter , Airakus shaking his
head in confusion as he hiccuped again, only making Malfoy laugh harder .
“Is master Airakus alright?” A voice asked, Airakus and Draco both stopped laughing as they
whipped their heads around to see Dobby standing there, wide eyed.“Yes Dobby I'm sorry , we were just laughing!” Airakus giggled as Dobby’ s eyes found
Draco.
“Ah Master Malfoy!” Dobby smiled.  
“Please Dobby for the millionth time, its Draco, just Draco.” Draco sighed as he shook the
small elfs hand, Airakus’ s laughing stopping as he watched the blonde boy talk to the elf.
He had assumed that Draco was rather against the enslavery of house elves after he had
offhandedly told Hermione that he agreed with her stance in S.P .E.W during exams last year . 
Of course, Hermione had assumed it was a joke and stormed of f, but Airakus had known.  
Now that much was obvious.
Dobby popped away and Draco turned back around to Airakus who was staring at him eyes
wide.
“What? Y ou look like your going to either hex my bollocks of f or snog me Rosier!” Draco
chuckled as he tried to get Airakus's attention.
Airakus thought for a moment.  
Snog was a more preferable option.  
But that was weird.  
So he just shook his head with a laugh as he and Malfoy walked away from the Great Hall,
unsure of where they were actually going.
That afternoon Airakus dragged Draco down to Hagrids with him, having promised Hagrid
he would help with the bowtruckles.  
It was nice for a September afternoon, not too cold but not too hot, so they were rushing
down the path in their robes laughing as Airakus skipped around, Draco rolling his eyes.
“Airakus! Right on time!" Hagrid grinned when he opened the door , then he saw Malfoy .
“Malfoy . What are you doin down ere?” Hagrid asked, furrowing his eyebrows as he glanced
back to Airakus.
“We were together , thought I'd bring him down, if you've got as many bowtruckles as you did
last year we need the help, besides, he's taking this class." Airakus chuckled, Hagrid standing
there staring at Draco apprehensively before he opened his door , allowing the boys to enter .
He had a bowtruckle for each pair of students, which landed at around 45. So there were 23
assorted Bowtruckles covering the interior of Hagrid's hut.
“First we’ve gotta find’em, get 'em in their enclosure an then line' em up in the shed for
classes on Monday . Think you two could get it done? I'll go get the cages ready!” Hagrid
asked, still looking at Malfoy anxiously , but Airakus nodded, reassuring him as Hagrid took
off.
“Do you do this often? Help the professors I mean?” Draco asked as Airakus tossed his
things to the side, plucking the few bowtruckles in obvious places of f the walls.Airakus shrugged.  
“Not too often. I help Flitwick tutor younger students, Dumbledore asked me to help Hagrid
for extra credit given I got an Outstanding the past two years in this class,” Airakus sighed,
Draco nodding.
“I like this class, wish my friends weren't such gits about it,” Draco chuckled as he found a
particularly lar ge bowtruckle hiding in the fruit bowl.
“Who? Pansy loves Care Of Magical Creatures?” Airakus asked, slightly confused given the
girl had been very adminant about them all taking it for their elective that year , she had
actually cornered Airakus towards the end of Fourth year and forced him to agree to it.
“Yea she does, I mean Crabbe, Goyle, Knott. They're all arses about it, the only reason Theo
took it again was because Pansy made him,” Draco sighed.
“Yea she made me as well, I was already going to anyways!" Airakus chuckled, Draco raising
an eyebrow but shrugging it of f as he handed Airakus the bowtruckle he had found which
eagerly climbed Airakus’ s arm, the side of his face and nestled into his hair like it was a nest.
Airakus and Draco began laughing as Airakus plucked the little guy from his hair , putting
him in the small cage with the others as Draco smiled at him.
That night as Airakus sat at the Gryf findor T able waiting for the other students, glancing at
Draco across the great hall he realised that it was weird.
Seamus had been right.  
He didn't feel the same about Airakus.
He didn't want to be real friends.  
Because Draco was good.  
Deep down Draco was good.  
And Airakus was a W erewolf.  
He was being ridiculous.
He sighed as the doors to the great hall opened.
Chapter End Notes
They are so gay , but its so saddddddd.....  
Also, I know that they cant apparate yet but IDC!  
Also, again, prepare for less chapters.  
Ive only got a few left edited and ready , so my plan is that for every two chapters I write,
I post one, just so I stay ontop of it and dont end up with nothing to post at all, mostly
becuase i dont want anybody loosing intrest in the story if It takes to long to update
(which my adhd cant stand).The Tie.
Chapter Summary
A Slytherin tie, Draco Malfoy , The Slytherin gang, The Gryf findors and Lee Jordan.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Soon enough the great hall was flooded with older students, the first years still crossing the
lake, sadly in a pretty bad rainstorm.  
Airakus watched the door like a hawk, waiting as patiently as he possibly could.
Soon, the dark haired boy Airakus was waiting for came strolling into the hall, round fragile
glasses and lighting bolt scar all perfectly placed, Harry smiling as he entered the great hall.
He did look a bit shaken, but Airakus assumed it was because of the thestrals, the winged
horses that Airakus knew only he and a few other students could see.  
Harry had witnessed Cedric's death, he could see the thestrals now .
“Airakus!” Harry chanted excitedly as he rushed, Seamus and Ginny in tow , towards the boys
sitting at the end of the Gryfindor table.  
Airakus and Harry hugged quickly before he sat down, Ginny giving him a shy smile before
Seamus tackled Airakus to the ground, the buzzing hall of kids not noticing for once.
“I MISSED YOU!” Seamus exclaimed as Airakus pried the shorter boy of f of him.
“Mate, it's been three days, calm down.” Airakus chuckled as he glanced across the hall,
internally cursing at himself as he redirected his attention to Harry .
“Where are Ron and Hermione?” Airakus asked, Seamus and Dean started giggling, Fred
laughing out loud.
“The both of them?!” Airakus asked with raised eyebrows, shocked after he was told the
situation, Ron and Hermione were now Prefects.
“Who are the Slytherin ones?" Airakus asked, preparing for a bad answer from Harry whose
face contorted into one of pure distaste.
“Malfoy and Parkinson, but the git wasn't on the train, probably got a private ride from
daddy!” Harry scof fed, Airakus feeling that pang of guilt.
“Weird that you didn't get prefect Harry!” Ginny interrupted, the T wins and Airakus
laughing.“Gin, he hasn't got as many detentions as us, but he's catching up. Harry's a bad boy now!”
Airakus teased as he wrapped his arm around Harry jokingly , ignoring that feeling that was
jabbing at the back of his throat, begging him to talk to Draco.
Ginny rolled her eyes, the kids attention diverted to the table where their food had just
appeared.
After the feast, and a hushed conversation about Umbridge between Harry , Hermione and
Airakus, the boys returned to Gryfindor tower , other than Ron who was of f on prefect duty .
“So how was your summer Harry?” Neville asked, Harry shrugging.
“It was alright,” He shrugged so nonchalantly that Airakus nearly believed him, before the
two met eyes, that look said it all.
The boys stayed up until Ron got back, eating chocolate and tossing pepper imps around like
they used to do every night in third year , before they started ar guing and everything in fourth.
When Airakus woke up the next morning, he knew that nobody was in the room given he
could barely smell his mates, Neville had been the last to leave.  
They didn't have classes that day , but after last year Dumbledore had decided that uniforms
were mandatory even on days when classes were out other than weekends and friday
afternoons.
Airakus crawled out of bed, taking a shower and changing into his uniform.  
When he left the bathroom, he had an odd feeling as to why his mates were all gone.  
So he checked the time.
Half past eight, breakfast was over in fifteen minutes.  
SHIT .
Airakus grabbed the tie of f the end of his bed, tying it panicked as he ran out of the empty
common room and down the corridor . 
When he got there, he was arriving with a few other late students, so it wasn't as dramatic
when he entered the great hall, fixing his tie as he took his seat in between Hermione and
Seamus, across from Harry , Ron, Dean and Neville.
“Thanks for waking me up idiots!” Airakus scowled as he reached for Ron’ s pumpkin juice,
taking a swig of it before he filled his plate with the abundant options Hogwarts meals
entailed.
Airakus started eating, cherishing every taste before he realised that all of his friends were
staring at him, Seamus’ s mouth wide open.
“Switching houses are we?” Fred grinned, Airakus looking down, eyes going wide.
Fucking Malfoy had left his tie in their dorm.
He went beat red, though he tried to hide it, clearing his throat as he tugged at the tie
frustrated when it knotted and didn't slide of f.Airakus undid his tie, or well, Draco's tie, each pair of surroundings eyes watching him do it.
“Who’ s is it Airakus?” Hermione asked as the boy stuf fed the tie into his bag, scof fing in his
frozen state.
All his friends were still staring at him in shock, humour and intrigue. This was weird; and
unavoidable.  
But he would find a way out of it. He always did.
“Dunno, must've been on the floor of the dorm. I just grabbed the first tie I saw when I got
up.” Airakus shrugged, glancing at his roommates one at a time, the boys all stopped
laughing, looking rather nervous as they glanced in between one another with furrowed
brows.
“Well we've been together since we got here, it wasn't any of us!" Ron shrugged, Airakus
internally screaming at the ginger boy .
“Wait but you were here early ...Who else was here early .....” Harry began, a grin appearing on
his face as he looked over at the Slytherin table eagerly , his eyes tracing the benches.
“Cut it out Potter , nobody was here other than me, Fred and Geor ge probably changed it last
night,” Airakus scof fed, ending the conversation as Harry fell silent.
Last names between Airakus in a serious tone, meant anger , which never ended well.
Airakus finished his breakfast and rushed of f to the library , determined to avoid each and
every one of his friends for the rest of the day . 
He had missed them all so much, but he wasn't ready to get taunted for the next month, not
yet, he needed a minute.
Airakus was going to go try and catch Draco outside the Slytherin Common Room before
lunch, but Seamus, Dean and Harry found him and dragged him of f to meet Ron, Hermione
and Neville in the great hall.
Airakus was now technically not in uniform, his tie missing, along with his robes which sure
won't be mandatory , but were still a part of uniform.  
He sat down beside Seamus with a sigh, everyone else ignoring him as they began talking to
Ron and Hermione, bothering them given they had been alone together all morning after
Hermione left the library .
“It was his wasn't it?” Seamus mumbled as he poured himself and Airakus a glass of
Pumpkin juice, the others too enthralled with their teasing to pay any mind to Seamus and
Airakus.  
Airakus groaned under his breath.
“Yes it was, and he left it in there after we went upstairs to smoke, so don't say anything
about it alright? I've got to talk to him, or he'll bloody murder me!” Airakus explained to
Seamus, under his breath as the rest of their friends slowly stopped talking, turning to the
pair.“Wait Airakus, whose tie was that this morning. Y ou never told us?” Dean began once more,
as if he had heard Seamus's question. Airakus turned towards Hermione who just shrugged,
nodding towards Ron who had clearly redirected the teasing to Airakus.
“Fuck you W easley .” Airakus groaned, Ron scof fing as Dean and Harry persisted.
“Whose was it mate? Daphne Greengrass? Millicent Bulstrode?” Dean listed of f, Airakus
shaking his head as Seamus giggled at him.
“No no, they were both on the train. The only Slytherin who wasn't was Malfoy and that’ s
just ridiculous,” Neville chimed in, Airakus lifting his head to look at his dorm mate, shocked
and horrified.
Of course Neville remembered that, but why did he choose now to speak? Because now
Harry , Ron and Dean would just torture him until he told them the truth, which was out of the
question.
“Yea, that is ridiculous..." Dean scof fed as he continued to list of f girls in Slytherin, Harry
staring at Airakus, wide eyed.
He remembered that day in third year . 
Clearly Hermione had as well based on the looks she had been giving him all day , so why
wouldn't Harry?  
When they had seen Airakus and Draco, being rather friendly . 
It wasn't like they were friends then, and sure they might be sort of friends now , at least
Airakus thought so, but Harry couldn’ t know that, he would murder Airakus right then and
there.
After lunch Airakus ran of f to try and catch Malfoy again, Seamus going with him, but they
were found by Harry before they could even get to the dungeons.
“Airakus, a word?” Harry asked, nodding to the empty classroom, Seamus following them.
They entered the classroom when Airakus realised where they were.
Empty charms classroom.
It was his and Dracos room, and Airakus suddenly realised that he had been staring at Malfoy
all lunch, trying to get his attention.  
What if he came to meet Airakus here?  
What if Harry put two and two together?
“What in merlin is going on Airakus? Because by the looks of it you and Draco bloody
Malfoy were in the bloody dorm togeh…” Harry began yelling, Airakus realised how serious
he really was.  
Harry had always hated Malfoy . 
Sure Draco hadn't given him a reason to think otherwise; but Harry really hated Malfoy . 
And Airakus had had him in their dorm room the day before.  
“Harry , why in god's name would he be in our dorm with Draco Malfoy? Do you realise howstupid you sound!?" Seamus exclaimed, waving his arms around, saving Airakus from having
to lie.  
Harry paused for a moment. "Whos tie was it Airakus?" He asked for seemingly the last time.
Airakus sighed. "I swear , It was just on the floor ." He lied through his teeth, Harry shook his
head as he let out a light chuckle.
“Merlin, I'm sorry mate, I just hate that arsehole so much...” Harry sighed as Seamus led him
out of the room.  
He got over things fast, or well, he had gotten over that fast, thank the gods.
Just like that Harry for got all about it.  
Until another slip up like this happened and Harry figured it out for sure.  
That was the day that Airakus would die of shame.
Airakus and Seamus walked with Harry until the boy saw Cho and ran of f to pester her . The
minute Harry was out of sight Airakus took of f in a sprint towards the dungeons, Seamus
tripping after him as they bolted down the halls.
They were less likely to find Draco outside of the dorm now given it was closer to dinner , but
Airakus knew he could just ask Pansy to go get him in the most subtle way possible.
They made it to the dungeons, after being yelled at twice by prefects for running and
rightfully ignoring them.
When they arrived to the Slytherin common room entrance there was nobody except a few
first year girls walking towards the doorway .
“Hey! Hey you!” Airakus shouted slightly as he rushed towards them, the girls growing
nervous as the tall Gryf findor boy stopped dead in the way of the door to their common
room.
“Can you go get Pansy Parkinson for me?” He asked, catching his breath from running. One
of the girls nodded quickly while the other one stood frozen, Airakus thanking them as he
moved aside, letting them into their common room, leaning against the wall with a sigh.
“Why Pansy?” Seamus asked.  
“Because it's more likely I’d ask for Pansy then bloody Malfoy , and besides, they're both
probably in her dorm,” Airakus sighed, Seamus raising an eyebrow .
“Are they really dating then?" Seamus asked, giving Airakus an odd look which he brushed
off, scof fing as he crossed his arms.  
“No, they just hang out there to get away from Theo and everyone...” Airakus mumbled,
Seamus nodding slightly , still looking at Airakus strangely .
“How does he even get to her dorm? Do their stairs not change?” Seamus added, Airakus
shaking his head.
“No they do, he just can. I mean, we can both go up to the girls....” Airakus shrugged,
Seamus giving him another odd look.  It was true.
Seamus, Airakus and Dean could all go up to the girls' dorms just fine.  
Even when Airakus had a little crush on Hermione last year he still managed just fine.  
He was convinced that the stairs only change when your intentions are bad.  
Clearly Seamus had a dif ferent idea.
The door swung open just as Seamus was about to speak again, to reveal Pansy Parkinson
with ruf fled hair , her tie oddly loose.
“Get into a wrestling match Parkinson?” Airakus chuckled, Pansy rolling her eyes.  
“For your information I was having a rather enjoyable snog when your disciples interrupted
me, and for god's sake Airakus call me Pansy we’re past last names by now ,” She scof fed,
Airakus nodding with a chuckle as Seamus stared between them wide eyes.
Sure Seamus knew that Airakus was rather civil with the Slytherins, but he hadn’ t fully
wrapped his head around the fact that he was actually friends with Draco, Pansy and Theo.  
Or well, friendly with them.
“Who in god's name were you snogging?" Airakus asked, suddenly realising what the girl
had said.  
“Oh some sixth year ,” She shrugged with a sigh as she fixed her hair . 
“Anyways, what did you need?” She asked.  
“Draco, I needed to talk to Draco, I assumed you'd be with him?” Airakus chuckled, Pansy
sighing.  
“I think he's down by the alcove, you know which one I mean, the one with the stars on it. He
was all quiet after breakfast, thought you'd be mad at him or some shit. Me and Theo tried to
get what was wrong out of him but he was just burying his face all morning." Pansy
explained slightly confused, her nose scrunched. Seamus tried not to laugh.
“Something funny Finnigan?” Pansy asked, that familiar snarl in her voice.
“Did you not see what happened?” Seamus asked, Pansy looking at Airakus who was missing
a tie and had his eyes clenched shut in embarrassment.
“Rosier , what did you do?” She snapped, stamping on Airakus's foot, prodding the boy with
her stern middle finger , Airakus rolling his eyes.
“I didn't do anything!” He replied, jumping as he put his hands up in defence.  
“He accidentally put on Malfoys tie this morning!” Seamus explained so casually that Pansy
began laughing.
“His tie? Rosier I swear to Merlin if you fucked him without asking me first I will hex your
bollocks.....” Pansy began, Airakus’ s eyes going wide.
“WHA T IN MERLIN! NO! Pansy NO! W e went upstairs to smoke and he for got his tie. I
woke up late and didnt notice!” Airakus explained as Pansy shook her head, putting her wand
back in her robes.“He's an idiot I know ,” Seamus sighed as Pansy glared at Airakus, the girl grinning.
“I like this one! Rosier , can I keep him?” She asked as she grinned at Seamus.  
“Sorry Pans, he's mine, and besides, not one of your boy toys if you know what I mean?”
Airakus sighed, Pansy groaning as Seamus chuckled.
“Yea, not my erm..type?” Seamus managed. Pansy scof fed lightly , clearly not getting the
joke.
“Well, he's probably in the alcove, go get him for me would ya?” Pansy scof fed after a few
mumbled snide comments had been passed between the three, Airakus nodding as he patted
her shoulder , turning to walk of f with Seamus.
“Ey! No! Finnigan stays with me, I need to bother him more!” She grinned as Airakus turned
to Seamus, whose eyes had gone wide in horror as he mouthed ‘no’ to Airakus.
“Whatever you say Pansy!” Airakus sighed as he ruf fled Seamus’ s hair , leaving him to the
Slytherin girl, Seamus groaning loud enough for Airakus to hear it as he turned the corner ,
rushing towards the alcove.
Airakus managed to get to the alcove hidden by an astronomy tapestry in a few minutes.  
He couldn't hear anyone behind it but he could smell Malfoy .
He pulled it back and stepped inside, the space barely big enough for two people.
Draco sprung up from where he had been sitting as he cast Lumos, panicked and afraid of
who had found him, his face settling when he saw Airakus.
“Jesus Rosier , you scared me!” Draco sighed as he put his wand back in his robe pocket,
Airakus chuckling as he stared at Draco.  
He looked worried, maybe Pansy wasn’ t over exaggerating when she had said he was upset.
“I'm sorry about this morning!” Airakus blurted out, Draco whipping his head towards the
boy, which brought their faces awfully close together .
“What do you mean? That was my fault! I left my tie in your room! Did anyone see it last
night?!” Draco replied in a rambled. Airakus shook his head, Draco sighed.
“No, but they saw it this morning. Jesus, I'm such an idiot, Hermione figured it out I think,
Harry nearly did as well; and I know you already told Pansy , but she properly knows now ....”
Airakus swallowed the lump in his throat as Draco nodded.
“What did Pansy say?” Draco asked a harmless question, but Airakus knew that the answer
was less harmless.
"Actually…” He chuckled, Draco's face dropping to one of fear .
“What? What happened?!” The boy panicked as he grabbed Airakus’ s shoulders, the slightly
taller boy stopping as he stared at the Slytherin in front of him.“Airakus what did she say?!” Draco asked again, snapping Airakus back to reality ,
“She asked me if I shagged you...” Airakus laughed.  
The thought of that sounded ridiculous.
Honestly the picture of Airakus and Draco being anything more than what they already were
seemed idiotic.  
Sure he got an odd feeling when he saw Malfoy sometimes.  
When he saw him, hair all curly and fluf fy straight out of the showers after a Quidditch
match.
When he caught his eye during dinner and went scarlet red.  
When he watched him in Potions, or T ransfiguration or Charms.  
When he thought about him at night.  
When he talked to Seamus about him.
When he spent hours panicking over the summer because Hogwarts without the boy he
despised wasn't Hogwarts at all.  
But that was normal.  
He would be that panicked if Seamus was in trouble as well.  
And besides, Draco would never be like that.  
A queer .
It wasn't like Airakus thought it was a bad thing.  
Remus and Sirius, Marlene and Dorcas, Evan and Barty . 
Jeez, Harry's Own dad had kissed a few boys in his time.  
Seamus was gay as Hogwarts was magical, David was a bloody rainbow , Harry had
definitely fancied Cedric last year , and Airakus, well, Airakus wasn't sure.
But Malfoy wasn’ t a queer .
Draco let his arms fall from Airakus’ s shoulders, one of them lingering on his wrist as he
caught Airakus’ s eyes.
“What did you say to her?” Draco asked, his voice soft, making Airakus feel odd.  
“I told her we weren’ t and that she was being ridiculous," Airakus scof fed back blankly .
The other boy stayed silent.
“What? What should I have said?” Airakus asked after Draco didn't respond for a few
moments.  
The Slytherin shrugged as he let go of Airakus’ s wrist, turning away .
“What do you bloody think?” Draco scof fed, staring at Airakus as if he was an idiot.  
Airakus stared right back, because he apparently was an idiot.  
He had no idea what Draco meant.
“Blondie, I'm lost, what was I supposed to tell her?” Airakus chuckled as he reached for
Draco's hand again, the feeling of it on his grounding him.  Draco shook him of f with a shrug as he scof fed. 
It hurt.
“You're really thick you know that right?” Draco scof fed. 
“Mate what's your problem?! I don't even know what you're mad about?!” Airakus replied,
short tempered and slightly pissed of f given Draco was getting mad at him for seemingly no
reason.
“Just for get about it Rosier!” Draco snarled as he turned to leave, Airakus grabbing his
shoulder and turning him back around.
“Oh so I did something wrong and it's back to Rosier? Mate what's got you pissed I'll fix it!”
Airakus persisted, pleading for Draco to just tell him what was wrong.
“You can't fix everything Airakus," Draco scof fed.
“I'd do it for you.” Airakus replied.
The alcove felt smaller now , the two staring at one another in the dark, Draco's hair whiter in
the dim light, Airakus's shadow cast against the wall in a distorted monstrous way .
“Stop being all soft, it makes me feel weird!” Draco mumbled with a small scof f, letting
Airakus grab his hand at last.
“Oh shove of f ya big poof!” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes as Airakus laughed.  
And just like that they were back to normal.
“Send me owls this year? I'm tired of spending days without talking to you...” Airakus began,
Draco rolling his eyes with a smirk.
“Who's the poof now?” Draco scof fed in response, Airakus shoving him lightly .
When they got back to the Slytherin common room, Draco let Airakus in.  
They would just say that Draco had gone to get Airakus to save Seamus from Pansy if
anyone asked why they were together , but since it was the day before lessons everyone was
out with their friends. The Slytherin common room was positively empty .
Seamus and Pansy were sitting on the couch, Theo and Blaise in each arm chair when the
boys walked in. Draco sat down beside Pansy with a sigh, Airakus following as he sat down
on the arm of the couch beside Draco, nodding to Theo and Blaise before he turned to
Seamus.
“Alright Sea?” Airakus asked, Seamus looked up, his eyes filled to the brim with fear .
“Never better!” Seamus grinned, but his voice was wobbly and Airakus could only imagine
what Pansy had been saying to the poor boy .
“What took you two so long? I was scared he was going to pop, every time one of us moved
he flinched,” Theo chuckled, causing Airakus to laugh while Draco's ears had turned a deep
shade of red.“We were chatting” Draco replied shortly , Blaise rolling his eyes.
"Ah yes, chatting” He nodded to Pansy who shook her head as Draco’ s blush deepened.
Airakus was oblivious to their conversation as he stood.
“Well we best be of f before our mates come looking for us...." Airakus began, nodding to
Seamus before turning back to Draco and Pansy . "See you in class?” He asked more to Draco
than the rest, though the group mumbled an agreed goodbye, Draco merely nodding Airakus
away . Airakus smiled, grabbing Seamus of f the couch, the two gryf findors waltzing out of the
Slytherin common room as if they weren't anywhere out of the ordinary .
When they got back to Gryf findor T ower , Seamus rushed upstairs to go to the bathroom,
either to piss or throw up.  
Airakus sat down on the couch in front of the fire, prepared to rest for the afternoon, before
he heard his name being screeched from the doorway .
“AIRAKUS GA TSBY ROSIER! WHERE HA VE YOU BEEN?!” She screamed.  
Airakus groaned as Hermione stormed over to him, Harry and Ron following her , giving him
wide eyed warning glances that the boys had grown accustomed to sharing whenever she was
in a mood.
“Good lord what did I do now?” Airakus muttered under his breath as Hermione sat down
beside him, facing him, her cheeks red with furry as Ron and Harry took their seats to watch
this unravel.
“You told us you'd meet us in the library after lunch!” Hermione scof fed. 
Airakus’ s eyes went wide.  
He had escaped Harry in the corridor to go to the Slytherin common room with Seamus.  
He had never followed Harry back to the library . Shit.
“Where were you mate?" Ron asked.
“I was with Seamus, we went for a walk." He lied.  
“Where?'' Hermione asked quickly as Seamus came walking back down the stairs.  
“Dungeons,” Seamus responded, unaware of the trouble he had just caused.
“Giving your mystery girl her tie back then?” Ron grinned teasingly , Hermione's anger fading
away within seconds as her eyes ran all over Airakus’ s face, her mind racing.
“No Ron, we went for a walk.” Airakus began. "That's it.”
The kids eventually made their way to dinner , Airakus tired from ar guing with everyone, the
rest of the Gryf findors still pestering him.  
Seamus was with Dean somewhere, so he was with the others as they entered the great hall.
Airakus felt it in the air . 
Something was going to happen,  
There was anticipation running rapidly throughout the students, even some teachers seemed
nervous.  He could smell Malfoy , Pansy , Theo, all of them, and they seemed like they were fine,
nothing odd on them, no nerves or anger ,
Airakus sat down beside Fred at the Gryf findor table as he laughed at something Ron had
said, the others sitting down around him.
“Hey Lee, how was your summer?” Harry asked, drawing Airakus's attention.  
Then Airakus realised who the anger was flooding of f of. 
Lee Jordan was fuming.
“My mum almost didn't let me come back this year ,” Lee scof fed, Harry furrowing his
eyebrows.  
“Why?” He asked, a calm, normal question.
“Because of you," Lee began, Fred and Geor ge visibly preparing themselves, both boys
burying their heads in their hands. "The prophets been saying a lot of things about you Harry ,
Dumbledore as well, I mean do you really believe the stuf f he's spewing about you know
who?” Lee snapped, facing Airakus who straightened his back, staring down at Lee.
“I recommend you shut your mouth Lee." Fred scof fed, which was oddly confrontational for
the boy . 
The twins were always silent during these kind of ar guments.  
Not anymore.
Lee just scof fed before he stalked out of the great hall.  
And then that's when Airakus realised something else.  
Lee had been the relatively angry one.  
But the whole great hall was staring at Harry . 
He had read the prophet and sure, they weren't going easy on him.  
But Airakus had not expected everyone to believe that Harry had made it all up.
Cedric had died.  
And it would be ridiculous if they thought Harry would lie about that.  
So much for a simple year .
Airakus glanced to Draco, the boys eyes meeting before both of them quickly looked away . 
'simple, yea right'
Chapter End Notes
So YEP! This is one of those favourite chapters of mine. Also I know that Lee didnt say
that obviously , but Seamus does in the movies (cat rmeber about the books) but he
would NEVER do that, so here we are.  
Also again, prepare for the plot changes, the next like 100 pages of the doc only get us
to early novemeber . 
ALSO THANKYOU FOR THE READS OMG! there weer 176 thismorning and Inearly fainted like bro whattttt????  
The posting will become more regular , like one chapter a day (i say that now just wait
for me to post six more after this one).Dean.
Chapter Summary
Umbridge...Draco and Harry . 
Dean and Seamus, ar guments, broken Seamus and angry Airakus.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day was the start of term and classes.  
They had Defense Against the Dark Arts and then Potions after lunch so as Airakus skipped
down the hall teasing Harry about something stupid, the boys heading towards the DADA
room. Airakus hadn't expected to be hollered at his first day back.
Surely not by Umbitch herself.
“MR.ROSIER!” Umbridge screeched, making Airakus halt in his skipping and turn to the
woman who was stood just outside the classroom.
“Do you have a reason to be acting so childish or do you enjoy disrupting others' learning?”
She settled, her shoulders tight, lips pursed.  
Airakus was now standing in front of their entire class which was all the Fifth year
Gryfindors and Slytherins, Harry at his side though the boy was silent.
“I was just skipping down the corridor? I didn't murder someone merlin's beard!” Airakus
scoffed under his breath, Hermione taking in a gasp of air preparing for the woman to yell
more.
“Mr.Malfoy , is something funny?” Umbridge suddenly turned and stared at Draco who was
standing a few people away from Airakus’ s right side.
“No Professor , not funny at all,” Draco replied, the smirk an stifled laugh visible on his face
as Umbridge shook her head.  
Airakus grinned at him as they walks into the class, Draco rolling his eyes, mumbling to
Airakus, telling him to fuck of f as they all took their seats.
Umbridge began talking, explaining some lesson plans that Airakus didn't care about.  
He and Seamus were kicking each other's feet under their shared table, Harry giggling at
them as he watched them grow more frustrated with each other .
“I will be following a pre-approved, Ministry prepared theory centered defense lesson plan!”
Umbridge explained, Airakus pausing.Remus, being basically obsessed with Defence Against The Dark Arts while he was a
professor here, had taught Airakus a lot about the way DADA was taught at Hogwarts. Then
Moody’ s tactics had been outrageous and out of pocket, though Barty technically had been a
mad man.
Umbridge however , seemed to be dumming the class down, and Airakus knew at that
moment what Dumbeldore had meant when he had asked Airakus to help his fellow students.
“I'm sorry professor there's nothing in here about using spells?” Harry asked as he glanced up
at the front of the class, nearly an entire page of writing that Umbridge had asked them to
copy down scrawled across the board.
“Using spells? Why on earth would you need to use spells in my classroom?” Umbridge
replied, giggling in a high pitched tone, the same one she had used when sending Airakus and
Draco out of the great hall only a few days prior . 
“Well we need to be prepared, what if were attacked in the real world?” Airakus chimed in.
Seamus stopped stamping his foot onto Airakus's as he braced himself. When Airakus and
Harry both were angry with a teacher , it never ended well.  
The entire class was staring at the pair of boys who were watching Umbridge, waiting for her
to speak.
“Who in Merlin's name would attack children such as yourselves Mr .Rosier?” Umbridge
asked, but Harry took the answer right out of Airakus’ s mouth.
“Oh I dunno Lord V oldemort!?” Harry scof fed, the whole class other than the few order
members and a few Slytherins shivering at the name.
Umbridge didn't even look at Harry , or Airakus for that matter , she cleared her throat and
strolled to the front of the class, looking at the lot of students with a pitiful glance to the boys.
“Let me explain here. Some of you have been told that a certain dark wizard has returned….”
Umbridge began, Airakus heard Harry’ s blood boiling.  
Literally .
“This is a lie!” She scof fed.
“NO ITS NOT!” Airakus and Harry yelled at her in unison.  
Airakus stood, as did Harry and Seamus tried to pull them both back down but both boys
shook him of f, Seamus groaning as he leaned back in his chair , giving up.
“Detention Mr .Rosier , Mr.Potter you can join him!” Umbridge snapped, her voice shrill and
loud.
“So according to you Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord?” Harry yelled, the
entire room going silent as they turned to Harry . 
Nobody had expected him to say it so blankly .
“Mr.Diggory’ s death was a tragic accident!” Umbridge replied with a vigorous shake of her
head, the woman returning to her desk.“Accident?! He was there! V oldemort killed him?!” Airakus yelled, now nearly as mad as
Harry .
“OUT! OUT THE BOTH OF YOU! NOW! DETENTION AFTER DINNER!” Umbridge
exclaimed outrageously angry as she pointed a shaking finger towards the door . Airakus
scoffed as he grabbed his bag, Harry grabbing his as well before both boys stalked of f out of
class, Airakus’ s hand on Harry's shoulder calming him down as they left the room.
“She is a fucking hell spawn mate! Why would Dumbledore hire her?!” Harry ranted as he
paced the corridor .
Airakus was sitting against the wall, sighing.
“She was at your trial right Harry?” Airakus asked, Harry pausing as he nodded slowly . 
“She was sent by the ministry , she's trying to convince us all that the lies the prophets spitting
is the truth." Airakus sighed as Harry began pacing faster .
“Well it's clearly working, what with Jordan earlier?!” Harry replied nervously , chewing on
his nail.
“Harry , Lee doesn't matter , your friends believe you, I believe you, the professors believe
you. Sure she's a bitch but we've handled worse before!” Airakus sighed, suddenly turning
towards the classroom door that had just swung open.
Draco bloody Malfoy .
“Having fun Potter?'' Draco sneered as he walked across the corridor and leaned against the
opposite wall, a detention slip in his own hand.
“What, ignoring me now are you Blondie?” Airakus scof fed with a smirk to Draco who
rightfully ignored it, rolling his eyes.
“What did you do?” Harry asked, having noticed the slip in the Slytherins hand.
“Told the old bitch it wasn't fair that Rosier got sent out, believe me Potter you bloody
deserve detention, but Air…Rosier didn't do anything wrong....just defend you like an idiot.”
Malfoy mumbled, Harry staring between the two of them so utterly confused.
Airakus was just staring at Malfoy , a smile peeking onto his face as he reached out and
punched Draco in the arm.
“Why thanks Malfoy , such an honour it is to have you come to my bloody defence!” Airakus
scoffed sarcastically , his cheekiness peeking through as Malfoy shoved him back.
“Oh fuck of f Rosier I didn't bloody mean it like that and you know it!” Draco replied
snarkily , glancing down the corridor "Oh no Draco, I do think you meant it like that. Oh how
will the chivalrous pureblood save us miscreants today?!” Airakus rambled, pretending to
dramatically collapse, a lanky hand over his forhead.
“Fuck of f Rosier”“Oh rosier my arse mate. She probably gave you detention for what happened at dinner ,”
Airakus sighed, turning back to face Harry . 
That's when he realised it was Harry . 
He had basically for gotten he was there.  
He was rather bad at this secret thing. Shit.
“Dinner? Last night you didn't even talk to him….Airakus was Neville telling the truth?”
Harry exclaimed, seemingly bewildered as he looked between Draco and Airakus, eyes wide.
“No, bloody hell mate, why on earth would me and Malfoy be up in the dorms together? Last
night at dinner she was yelling at a bunch of Slytherins, but Dumbledore wouldn't let her give
them detention mate, that's what I meant. Why on earth would I be talking to him? Besides,
you weren't even here before yesterday right Malfoy?” Airakus asked, turning to Draco who
looked at him, thought for a minute, then nodded.
“Yea, I took the train like the rest of you Potter . Why were you here early Rosier?” Draco
asked, raising an eyebrow at Airakus.  
He was teasing him.  
They both knew it.  
Harry did not.
“Fuck of f Malfoy , that's none of your business!” Harry snapped, Draco stepping back a bit at
the sudden aggression.
“Mate, calm down,” Airakus said quietly , grabbing Harry’ s shoulder , casting Draco a look.  
“Yea mate calm down!” Draco snarled.  
Not helping.
“Shove of f Malfoy , go cry to daddy!” Harry scof fed.
Airakus braced himself for it.  
The ‘at least I have one’ that was destined to escape Malfoy's lips.  
This was a common come back of his, one Airakus had told him to stop saying over a million
times.
But this time it didn't come.  
Draco just snarled and stalked of f towards his next class.
“He does know we have Potions together right?” Harry asked, Airakus shrugging.  
“Not like he'd walk with us if he remembered,” Airakus added, Harry nodding as they too
took of f towards potions class, not bothering to stick around and wait for Umbridge to yell at
them some more.
Potions class was relatively empty given the other students had probably just been let out of
class.  
Airakus just stood at the back in between Harry and Malfoy , given he didn't want to sit with
Malfoy over Harry , even though he was planning to accidentally end up being the blonde
boy's potions partner again that year .The class filled up, Pansy giving Draco a look that he ignored before Airakus eventually
ended up sitting down at the only empty table, Draco sighing as he sat beside him.
“I'll go with Malfoy if you want to switch Airy…” Neville stuttered, a rather brave thing for
him to say . Airakus just shook his head with a chuckle.  
“No Nev , it's fine, I've been his partner for two years now , I think I can handle him”.  
Draco snickered as Airakus kicked him under the table.  
He had such a nasty mind when it came to jokes, always taking everything in a dirty way .
That class was a lecture, no real potion making given it was the first class of the year . Potions
was their last class, after that was dinner . 
Airakus ran up to Harry , Seamus, Ron, Dean, Hermione and all of them after they got let out
of class.  
“Guys, do you know what's for dinner?” Airakus asked, snif fing the air subtly as he tried to
raise the spirits of Harry who was looking more depressed by the minute.  
“No, why?” Hermione replied.
“Because it smells like pasta and I swear if they made red sauce I will eat the entire great
halls worth of food!” Airakus grinned as everyone snickered, Seamus rolling his eyes as he
laughed.
When they arrived in the great hall, the meal was pasta, Airakus had been right. He grinned at
the staf f table, specifically Poppy who had a satisfied smile on her face, Airakus sitting down
to eat.  
She had 100 percent asked for this for him.  
He loved that woman.
He ate a lot that night, to the point where they had to drag him back to Gryf findor tower or he
would have stayed until the morning chowing down.
Airakus had landed himself on the ground by the window , his dorm mates surrounding him
for their usual summer recap back to school talk that they had missed the night before.
“So guys, summers, Harry go.” Dean began the talk.
“It was boring as per usual, went to Ron's after my birthday .” Harry sighed, turning to Ron
who nodded.  
“Mine was shit as well.” Ron replied with a scof f as he popped some jelly beans into his
mouth.  
“I went to see my cousins in France!” Neville smiled, nodding to the boys.  
“I stayed at Airakus’ s again,” Seamus sighed, Dean nodding as Airakus chuckled, taking a
bite of his chocolate.
“How about you Airakus? Luna said you visited her?” Neville asked.  
Airakus paused.  
Neville had spoken to the girl he fancied?  
And she had mentioned their visit.  
What had she said about it?!  Luna wouldn’ t purposefully tell Neville about Draco.  
But she might not know that he doesn't know him and Draco are friends.
“Yea I did, it was fine, summer was good, me and Sea went out on the old boat,” Airakus
rambled, Seamus scof fing with a shake of his head as he too laughed a bit.
“I'm surprised it didn't sink!” Seamus added.  
“I'm surprised Remus didn't see the burn marks from your fags!” Airakus scof fed in response
with a roll of his eyes, everyone laughing as Seamus flipped them all of f.
“Wait Nev you talked to Luna?!” Ron chimed in after a few minutes, the boys all grinning,
and with that their conversation had returned to the normal topic.
Girls.
“Y…yea” Neville stuttered out as the boys all hollered in a teasing tone.  
Neville just groaned as he buried his head in a pillow .
“Cmon Nev , she likes you, one hundred percent fancies you!” Dean punched him lightly ,
Neville sighing as he suddenly turned to Airakus.
“Airy , do you think she fancies me?” Neville asked, every boy in the room turning to face
Airakus.  
This was a common occurrence.  
The others asking Airakus about their girl drama.  
Mostly because he was friends with the girls they liked.  
He and Hermione were rather close.  
He and Luna were cousins.  
And he and Cho were friends out on the Quidditch Pitch, and they went for the occasional fly
together , though Airakus didn't really like her that much.
“Not sure Nev , she's never really mentioned anyone she fancies before. She said you were
nice and that she liked your plants in the greenhouse over Christmas, but this summer we
were dealing with family stuf f. We didn't really talk about school.” Airakus mumbled,
Seamus glancing at him worriedly as Neville nodded.
“Well, at least she talks about you, I don't think Cho’ s ever given me a second thought,”
Harry muttered with a roll of his eyes, putting himself down as per usual.
“Mate Cho fancies you, that's more obvious than the fact that Ron and Hermione are married
with children!" Seamus scof fed, everyone laughing other than Ron who just went beat red.
Their conversation continued for a while, talking about Cho and Quidditch, a bit more teasing
of Ron before Dean spoke.
“I think I might fancy Hannah,” Dean stuttered after Harry had asked him, putting him on the
spot.
Airakus whipped his head around, nearly all the way to face Dean.He was under the impression that after their odd little conversation in the bathroom last year ,
or lack thereof, that Dean fancied Seamus.  
It was slightly more obvious than everyone seemed to think, and after Dean's outburst after
Ron had basically told them all, Airakus believed that Dean was aware of those feelings.
Airakus was going to murder him.  
He felt Seamus tense beside him, he could hear his heart beating faster and faster . 
Seamus was going to cry .
“You fancy Hannah? She's a bitch! Besides, she's never given you the time of bloody day
unless she needs something!” Ron provided for Airakus who nodded vigorously in
agreement.
Dean shrugged.
“I dunno, she talked to me on the train, it was rather nice. She's prettier than she was last
year, she got a haircut and she was being really friendly . It's not like anyone's ever fancied me
before anyways." Dean groaned, glancing towards Airakus and Seamus for a split second, but
Airakus saw it.
Airakus glared back at him as he stood up, towering over everyone else who were still sitting.
“Airakus what's wrong?” Harry asked as he walked towards the door . 
“Fancy a walk.” Airakus glared at Dean, very obviously before turning to Seamus.
“Seamus you coming?” Airakus added, Seamus nodding as he rushed after him, Dean staring
after them with round emotion ridden eyes. The both of them ignored the shouts from their
door mates reminding them it was after curfew , the door slamming behind Airakus.
The minute they were in the empty common room Seamus burst out into sobs.  
He had been holding it back since Dean opened his bloody mouth and now he was crying,
crying hard; Airakus hugging him tightly in the center of the common room.
“It'll be ok Sea I promise!” Airakus tried to stop Seamus from crying, but he was mumbling
unintelligible things while tears poured down his face.  
He wasn't even sobbing anymore, the tears were just falling out like a loose faucet as he
stared wide eyed at the ground past Airakus's shoulder while Airakus rubbed his back,
promising him that Dean would come around.
“He won't though will he? Because he's Dean, and I’m…I’m just…. I'm nothing....” Seamus
muttered, so quiet that even Airakus bareley hear him.
“Seamus, don't say that. Y ou're amazing and Dean is far from perfect! Y ou can't hold him at
such a high standard Sea, he messes up sometimes, this is just one of those times...” Airakus
replied in a sigh, holding Seamus by his shoulders, trying to catch his eye.
Seamus scof fed as he wiped away his tears.“As if you don't do the same thing.” The boy replied sourly , looking back at Airakus as his
tears began once more.  
Airakus just ignored him, holding him again trying to calm him down.  
He hadn't meant it.  
He was just upset.
Even if it stung.
Airakus sighed, Seamus continued to sob.
That's when Dean came down the stairs.
“Seamus, why are you crying?!” Dean exclaimed, eyes wide with concern as he rushed
across the common room towards Seamus and Airakus. Seamus just sprung away from both
of them, eyes wide as he looked up at Dean, paralyzed with words unspoken.
He hadn't wanted to cry in front of Dean.  
He hadn't wanted to make Dean hate him.
“Dean just fuck of f for a minute will you?” Airakus scof fed as he glanced back to Seamus
who was staring at Dean, tears in his eyes.
“No Rosier! He’ s my best friend alright, I'm not leaving him down here!” Dean responded.
“If he was really your best friend you wouldn't be doing this to him. I know you think it's
covering it up, it's not, it's just making him hate himself more.” Airakus snarled as Dean’ s
eyes went wide, his thoughts racing.
“You…I…Airakus what are you talking about?” Dean mumbled, Airakus scof fing at him.
“You know what i'm bloody talking about, just go back to the dorm.” Airakus scowled, Dean
looking to Seamus once more before he turned silently and rushed back upstairs.
Hermione opened the dormitory door around an hour later to see Airakus and Seamus,
Seamus’ s eyes red from crying, Airakus looking rather worried, the rings around his eyes
darker than normal.
“What happened?” Hermione exclaimed as she ushered them both inside, the other girls all
watching confused.  
They were clearly mid gossip session, all their pillows and blankets on the floor .
“Thomas was being a dick, details aren't important. I'm sure Seamus will tell you soon, can
he sleep in here tonight?” Airakus asked as he looked around the room, Hermione nodding
immediately as she took Seamus’ s hand.
“Sea, it'll be alright, stay with us tonight, you too Airakus, you're both more than welcome,”
Hermione nodded to Airakus who sighed.
“No, Imma go back up....” Airakus replied mindlessly as he nodded to Hermione who had sat
down on the bed with Seamus, the boy not registering any of it.“I'll bring you your stuf f tomorrow before breakfast, so you won't have to go back until after
dinner alright?” Airakus said softly as he squeezed Seamus’ s shoulder , the other boy nodding
as he stared at the ground blankly .
He was blank.  
Airakus got like that sometimes.  
When bad things happened.  
He would just turn into a blank slate, staring of f into space.  
But there were serious things undiagnosed and wrong with Airakus’ s brain.  
There was nothing wrong with Seamus.  
He was his best mate.  
He was happy , cheerful and fun.  
Dean had made Seamus blank.
Airakus turned and walked out of the room, Hermione following him to understand what had
happened.
“Dean likes a girl." Airakus scof fed, Hermione nodding with a sigh.
She didn't know that Seamus fancied Dean, or well, nobody had ever told her , but again, it
was obvious, and Hermione had noticed the hints.
She noticed everything.
“It's just for this night, I promise,” Airakus added, Hermione shaking her head.
“It's fine Airy , none of us care when you and Seamus are around. Just don't get caught out of
bed!" She sighed as Airakus nodded to her , taking of f down the stairs.
When Airakus got back to his dorm, the lights were still on.  
Harry , Ron and Neville were sitting in their spots, looking at the bathroom door with worry
plastered on their faces.
Not again.
For Merlin's sake.
Did Airakus have to police everyone's emotions around here?
He glanced to the bathroom, Harry nodding as he knocked once.
“I already told you to fuck of f Potter!” Dean growled from inside, Airakus scof fing as he
opened the unlocked door with little force.
“It’s not Harry it’ s me, let me in you arsehole.” Airakus snapped sternly as he entered,
slamming the door behind him as he cast a silencing charm.
“Here to yell at me s’more?” Dean scof fed, avoiding eye contact as he stared at the wall,
arms crossed over his chest as he huf fed.He was sitting against the bathtub, as he had been last time, only this time he seemed more
sad than angry . 
That was tougher for Airakus to deal with, given he was rarely sad, more rage driven.
Airakus looked at his friend, sitting on the floor . 
He had hurt Seamus.  
Seamus was staring at the ground in Hermione's dorm.  
A blank slate.  
Because of Dean.
But it wasn't Deans fault that he was scared.  
Airakus was scared as well.
“No, I'm not here to yell at you.” Airakus replied shortly as he sat down beside Dean,
breaking him a square of chocolate.
“This is giving me deja vu....'' Dean mumbled, Airakus letting out a small chuckle as they sat
there in silence.
Airakus wouldn't push.  
Harry , Ron and Seamus were all rather open to talk about their feelings.  
Sometimes Potter was harder to crack, but they were all rather straight forwards.  
Dean was more like Draco.  
Quiet.  
Reserved.
A prick without realizing it.
Airakus had never pried before.  
He wanted Dean to be the one to open up; but he knew he’d need to find a way to make Dean
feel safe.
“I get how it feels, for you. I don’ t mean to assume things Dean, and by all means yell at me
if I'm wrong, but when I want something I know I shouldn't want, It makes me angry too.”
Airakus began slowly , Dean giving him an odd quizzical look as Airakus took a breath.
“I’ve been friends with people I shouldn’ t be friends with for years. Been in Gryf findor , the
first in my family , been a W erewolf, been friends with Slytherins behind Potters back, and
still I can’ t admit it to anyone other than Seamus.” Airakus confessed, Dean’ s eyes going
slightly wide as he learned things about Airakus, things he hadn't known before, things that
nobody knew .
“I’ve felt like everything I wanted was wrong for so long, but now that I have you guys, I
know that I am who I am. I understand you might not feel that way right now , but trying to
hide from me behind Hannah isn't going to stop me from seeing the obvious truth.” Airakus
finished, letting out a breath he hadn’ t realised he’d been holding as he turned to Dean who
was watching him, a new look of vulnerability , understanding in his eyes.“I told Ron last year . That I…about Seamus. Then after he said that thing after that party ,
when you figured it out, I stopped talking to him about it. Can’ t trust anybody with it, and
god if Seamus found out he’d never speak to me aga…” Deans voice cracked, a light sob
gasping out as he closed his eyes to hold back the tears that begged to be let out.
Airakus grabbed him and pulled him into a hug, the boys close in height, sitting there on the
bathroom floor together for a solid minute, squeezing one another tightly before Dean
sniffled and sat back up.
“I just love him so much." Dean chuckled, a sad thing, to laugh at a time like this.
Airakus nodded as he clasped Deans shoulder , standing.
“Im headed to bed. Get some sleep Dean, and talk to Seamus soon please, I don't know what
else to do!” Airakus sighed as he hugged his friend goodnight, Dean nodding as Airakus left
the bathroom, taking of f his shirt as he flopped onto his bed dramatically .
“Is he ok?” Harry asked, all three other boys watching Airakus, waiting for an answer .
“He’ll live.” Airakus groaned as he rolled over , praying he'd be able to fall asleep.
Chapter End Notes
our babies are ar guing :( but itll be FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINE.  
ALSO THANKS FOR NEARL Y 200 HITS OMG!  
Also ive got like nearly 100 pages more of this until im out, so im going to focus on
writing more than posting.  
Ill still try and get one or two chapters out a day though!Breakfast.
Chapter Summary
short chapter - some more Dean and Seamus, some Draco, some Luna.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning Airakus brought Seamus his clothes.  
The short boy was smiling, laughing with Hermione and Parvarti as he chuckled about
something the girls had said.  
He looked as if he hadn't cried in a few hours, which washed Airakus in relief.
They walked towards the great hall together , Seamus, Mione and Airakus.
“What happened after you got back last night Airy?” Hermione asked, a careful way of
bringing it up around Seamus who’ s smile dropped slightly at the mention of last nights
fiasco.
“Nothing really . What did you guys get up to?” Airakus asked, Seamus grinning as he began
talking about their night of fun while Hermione glared at him.
Deflection tactics.  
Remus did it all the time.  
Hermione knew when Airakus was doing it.  
Just how Lily had always known when Remus had been doing it.
At breakfast, they all sat together as per usual, Seamus and Dean on either side of Airakus,
none of the boys speaking as Ginny and the twins ar gued about Halloween party plans.
Airakus could feel Seamus’ s magic buzzing, along with Deans on the brink of popping his
head of f.
It was an odd feeling.  
To be sandwiched between two boys whose magic was quite literally reaching for one
another , while the last thing either of them wanted to do was talk to one another .
Airakus glanced over at the Slytherin table, hoping for some sort of distraction.
The thoughts of Seamus and Deans ar gument fled his mind the moment he saw Malfoy
looking at him.He had caught him staring, and Malfoy had looked away , and then glanced back to see
Airakus staring as well.
They sat there for a few moments before Hermione kicked him under the table.
“OW! Mione what the hell?” Airakus groaned as he shook his leg, glaring at Hermione
across the table who just widened her eyes and nodded towards her left.
Airakus turned.  
Harry was watching him.  
She definitely knew .
“I've got to go to the loo.” Seamus blurted out, rather in a mumble, as if only to Airakus.
Airakus watched as he darted out of the hall, Dean watching him go.
“I've got to as well, be back” Dean replied, giving AIrkaus a pointed nod before he rushed
after Seamus.
“When will they stop ar guing? I sort of want to finish our chat from last night....” Neville
mumbled as he looked away from the Ravenclaw table for the first time since they had
arrived at breakfast.
“Soon surely ,” Airakus replied mindlessly as his eyes wandered back over to Draco and
Pansy , who were both looking at him oddly .
Pansy rolled her eyes as she looked away , returning to her conversation with Theo as Draco
just stared.  
Wide eyed.
Airakus sighed deeply , his shoulders sagging as he chugged the rest of his pumpkin juice.
Chapter End Notes
pretty short, (super short chapter) my bad.Care Of Magical Creatures.
Chapter Summary
Class and Draco Malfoy . 
Slytherin gang.  
Pansy and Theo my queens.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Classes that week were amazing.
They only had the first half of classes until W ednesday , so Airakus spent three days going to
transfiguration, Charms and Divination with no sign of Malfoy or Parkinson seemingly
whatsoever .
Dean and Seamus had talked it out sort of.  
Seamus had mentioned that Dean had apologized and hugged him, and that he had sworn that
he didn't actually fancy Hannah, but Seamus still wasn't sure.
Airakus hadn't told him about Deans confession.  
it wasn't his place.
That W ednesday , September 1 1th to be exact, Airakus was walking down to Potions, his
entire year of Gryfindors all with him.
They had already had their first potions class, the introduction on their first day back, but this
wednesday was their first day of class, and he had a sneezing suspicion that Hermione and
Seamus had something going on, the two whispering to one another all throughout lunch and
during Dart Arts.
They entered the dungeon.  
Half the class was already there as AIrkaus took his seat.  
Hermione sat beside him.
“Mione fuck of f!” Airakus snapped slightly in a hushed voice.
“Oh, you DO want to be partners with him! Seamus owes me thirty quid!” Hermione grinned
as she stood, taking her usual seat beside Parvarti who was watching Airakus curiously .
Airakus slammed his head into his desk with a groan.  
She definitely knew .He hadn't talked to Malfoy since the first day back with the tie incident.  
He had thought about sneaking of f to see him after lunch one of the prior days, but he had
been with Pansy every waking moment of the day since term had started.
“Rosier , mind if I sit? Pansy’ s chosen Theo over me once again and I'm left behind!” Draco
chuckled under his breath, Airakus sitting up, a grin attempting to cross his face.
“Yea sure!” Airakus replied as he watched Draco sit, brushing his hair from his forehead
before he opened his potions textbook, watching Snape with zero enthusiasm, yet that glint in
his eye he got when he was excited still shone brightly .
Airakus had seen it before.  
On the Quidditch pitch, when they would sneak away together to talk, in class when he
learned a spell or something cool.  
Airakus loved that look.
He ripped his eyes away as Snape began explaining the lesson.
The class soon became the one he recognized, boring and draining.
Potions ended soon and Airakus bid farewell to his friends who had decided on Divination
over Care Of Magical Creatures.  
He walked a bit down the hall, before he saw Knott, Parkinson and Malfoy headed towards
the far doors.
Airakus ran up behind Draco, flicking him in the back of the head before he matched paces
with the three students, walking in between Malfoy and Theo.
“Headed down to class then?” Pansy asked, a look of pure test on her face.
“Yep!” Airakus replied, Pansy smiling as she stuck her nose in the air proud of herself for
forcing all of her friends to take the same elective as her .
“Oh Parkinson stop being so proud, we were all going to take this class anyways.” Draco
rolled his eyes, Pansy stamping her foot onto his as he yelped in pain.
“Fuck you!” She smiled cheekily , Theo and Airakus laughing as Draco scowled at the girl.
“Airakus, aren't you worried about people seeing you with us?” Theo mumbled in a question,
raising an eyebrow at the tall boy .
“I guess so, but none of my mates took this class and Hagrid won't tell Harry ,” Airakus
replied with a shrug, Pansy raising an eyebrow .
“Why wouldn't he? He hates all three of us....” Pansy scof fed as a response, Draco shaking
his head.
“Me and Airakus helped him with the bowtruckles before term started, we were both here
early , remember?” Draco supplied as an excuse, Pansy nodding as Theo gave them an odd
look.“So, we’re friends with Gryf findors now?” Theo asked, raising an eyebrow at Pansy and
Draco who both scof fed in unison, glaring at Knott.
“This ones dif ferent, so is Finnigan, I like them!” Pansy grinned, a mischievous look that
scared Airakus slightly .
“Yea Seamus likes you lot, or well, hes rather scared of you but he had more fun for that hour
with you in the common room than he has for the past week or so,” Airakus chuckled
breathlessly .
“Yea hows he been doing? Patill’ s sister mentioned something about him staying with them
up in the dorm's last week after the feast…” Pansy mumbled, as if trying to make sure
nobody heard them.
“He's been better ,” Airakus replied, not wanting to talk about what happened with Parkinson
and Knott the most gossipy bitches in their year .
“What do you guys think of the new DADA Professor? Whats her name again?” Theo asked,
changing the subject for Airakus who silently thanked the gods.
“Umbitch” Draco sneered, Airakus snickering before both boys broke down laughing, Pansy
scoffing as she stifled her own giggles.
“When did you come up with that?” Theo asked through his own laughter .
“First day I met the right troll. She's evil; I swear she wants us dead!” Airakus shivered
dramatically , Draco nodding as they continued their way to class.
Care Of Magical Creatures wasn't that full.  
There were no more than fifteen students in the class, given nobody really wanted to take the
‘hands on’ electives that year .
It was Draco, Pansy , Theo, Airakus himself, Lisa T urpin, Kellah, W ayne and Mor gan, Kevin,
Rodger and Sophie.  
The rest of the class were students Airakus vaguely knew , none by name.
Airakus looked around.  
Kellah shared a dorm with Hermione, but she wasn't friends with any of the boys other than
Seamus and sometimes Neville.  
Kevin and Dean were friends, but he would never talk to Dean around Airakus and Harry
given he was slightly afraid of the both of them.
Airakus walked beside Draco as they followed Hagrid towards the back of his hut.
“Rosier there are people, what are you doing?” Draco seethed as Airakus took hit seat beside
Malfoy after Hagrid told them to choose partners with zero hesitation.
“Nobody here will say anything, I'm friends with half of them from Quidditch and the
Hufflepuf fs are scared of both of us....” Airakus mumbled back with a sneer like chuckle thatDraco dismissed, muf fling his discomfort with a chuckle as he avoided looking up at his
partner .
“So erm…” Hagrid began talking, giving Airakus and Draco an odd look before he shook his
head and continued talking.
“For the first week we'll be dealin with some Imps. W e found em near the lake and cant ave
em messin with students, so we ought to hatch the leftover babies and make sure the grown
ones don’escape!” Hagrid explained as he gestured to the small egg in front of everyone.
“All of you ave an egg, an erm…Rosier , can you help me bring the cages out?” Hagrid asked,
Airakus nodding as he unfolded his criss crossed legs and followed Hagrid back towards the
hut.
They got to the stack of caged Imps, and Airakus took one cage in each hand, turning to head
back towards the class when Hagrid cleared his throat.
Airakus sighed as he turned around.  
Hagrid never meant any harm, but he clearly was about to ask Airakus about Malfoy , and
Airakus wasn't sure what lines that question would be along.
“You and er Malfoy ... .er friends then? Jus after he came with you to er , elp with the
Bowtruckles…'' Hagrid stumbled as he stacked another cage onto his shoulder , Airakus
nodding as he watched the small Imps in the cage glance up at him confused.
“Nobody knows other than Seamus. Don't mention it to anyone please,” Airakus pleaded
with his Professor , who honestly felt more like a mate than an adult.
“It’s fine, Airakus. Y er dad was friends with the Mckinnon girl, Marlene and Evan. It was
odd back then, they never really told anyone but I used to see them walking the grounds
together after classes.” Hagrid shook his head, his memories clearly fogged a bit.
“Anyways, jus you know you can always come down here if you two want a place to spend
some time away from your other mates, especially if they don't know . Tell Malfoy for me as
well, don't think he’d like havin a chat with me…” Hagrid huf fed, Airakus nodding slowly .
“Alright, erm…thanks Hagrid?" Airakus replied as he stumbled back towards the class, brow
furrowed with confusion as he placed the cages of Imps down on the bench at the front of the
little field where the class was sitting.
“What was that about?” Draco mumbled to Airakus as he sat back down, an Imp from Hagrid
in his hand as he placed the small creature beside its egg.
“He wants me to let you know that we are both welcome for tea whenever we want, and that
if we need somewhere to spend time together we can come down here…” Airakus explained
under his breath, Draco leaning in to listen as Hagrid began explaining what they were
supposed to do.“Oh? That's…odd?” Draco replied as he scooted about an inch away from Airakus and
glanced up at Hagrid who was watching the pair with a wandering eye.
“Pass me the food he’ s trying to bite me!” Theo whinged to Pansy about an hour into the
lesson.
Airakus and Draco’ s Imp was sitting with the egg, basically doing the same thing they were
doing, watching their classmates mess up.
Airakus had it easier in Care Of Magical Creatures given most creatures were more caring
and calm around him than normal wizards.
“Look at Kevin!" Airakus snickered in a mutter to Draco who glanced from Airakus to Kevin
and Lisa who were partnered up just two stations away from them.
Airakus and Draco watched as Kevin mixed the wrong foods together , and then got the little
pile of mead thrown into his face by his Imp which had stolen his wand a few minutes ago.
Draco chuckled as he watched Kevin wipe the food of f his nose, and rip his wand back from
the Imp, Lisa whinging that he was being mean.
“He’ s an idiot!” Draco scof fed as he turned back to face Airakus who was leaning back on his
elbows, looking up at Draco as if he was star gazing.
Draco’ s face flushed and Airakus sat up straighter as he patted the Imp who had begun
watching the pair as if he wanted attention.
“How are you so good with the bugger?” Draco sighed as he rested his head in his arms,
watching the Imp dance around with a small soft smile. "Dunno, W erewolf things I suppose,"
Airkaus whispered, Draco smirking as he continued feeding the Imp carefully , Pansy
watching the pair with furrowed brows.
Chapter End Notes
THEY ADMIT IT . 
OH JUST W AIT FOR THIS T O TURN INT O SOMETHING ELSE
REAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL QUICK.  
ALSO OMG HITS THANKYOU!Hugging?
Chapter Summary
Some Seamus (our king) and Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next few days followed the same, Airakus spending all day with his mates, but that hour
or two with Pansy , Theo and most importantly Malfoy .
It was like a breath of fresh air to talk to the Slytherins with other people around, unafraid,
and completely safe from the ridicule he'd face if anyone found out.
It was September 28th, the full moon was that Saturday and Airakus was laying awake, eyes
wide, blood hot as he stared at the roof of his four poster bed.
He wasn't sleeping that night, that was for sure.
Airakus crawled out of bed, grabbing his cigarettes as he opened the window of the
dormitory , climbing out onto the little ledge as he lit his cigarette.
He made it halfway through his second when Seamus popped his head through the window ,
crawling up beside him, of fering Airakus the sweets in his hand as he sighed, plucking the
cig from Airakus’ s mouth, taking a drag.
“Hello to you too Sea!” Airakus chuckled, Seamus rolling his eyes as he handed back the
cigarette, popping a taf fy into his mouth.
“Hows it been? W ith Dean I mean,” Airakus asked, Seamus freezing slightly for a moment.
“We well, we talked about it in the bathroom last week, like I told you, and well I suppose it's
fine. W e were studying with Hermione yesterday and he well…he grabbed my knee while I
was reading. He just left it there too, it was really odd. I'm not sure whats going on with him,
but we’re alright right now ....” Seamus mumbled as he finished of f his rambling, something
he was getting more under control as they aged.
Airakus nodded.
“I still think he fancies you,” Airakus supplied, Seamus rolling his eyes with a scof f.
“Sure” Seamus sighed, Airakus handing him another cig as he himself took a few sweets, a
proper trade of f.“Hows Malfoy?” Seamus asked after a few seconds of sharing sweets and cigarettes.
Airakus faultered.  
It was odd for Seamus to ask him that.  
Especially right after a chat about Dean; it almost felt like Seamus assumed something was
going on, something more.  
He didn't want to think about it.
“Good actually , we've got Magical Creatures together , Parkinson and Knott are in it too. Y ou
really should have taken it with us all its a load of fun!” Airakus rambled through his
mouthful of taf fy, turning the subject away from Draco and towards the group, trying, hoping
that Seamus wouldn't pry .
“Yea, I'm too scared of those god damn rats Hagrid keeps!” Seamus shivered over
dramatically , as he began ranting about his traumatic class in third year when a rat had pissed
on his favorite pair of robes.
Thank god Seamus couldn't focus for more than five minutes, or Airakus would have been
screwed.
The September moon came and went with a howl and a few new scars, by the time Airakus
recovered it was nearly Halloween.
Umbridge had been dishing out detentions like they were trading cards, but other than that
Airakus hadn't gotten any summons from Alastor or Dumbledore all term, and Seamus and
Dean had stopped ar guing all together , back to their normal selves...well, if Seamus and Dean
could be considered normal.
Quidditch started up just after the holidays, so Airakus was out on the pitch most mornings
with Harry and Ron who had claimed he'd be trying out that year .
All was good.
Akis,
Meet me in charms room. I need to tell you something important.
-Blondie
Airakus furrowed his brows at the note that had just landed on his bed.  
It was nearly curfew , was Malfoy insane?  
Then again when had curfew ever stopped either of them before?
Airakus snuck out of the dorm, which was rather easy given most of his mates were down in
the common room.  
He slipped out as if he hadn't even been there in the first place and took of f towards the old
empty charms classroom.
Their spot.Airakus made his way down the corridors, sure to avoid the prefects (including Pansy and or
Draco who was supposed to be on rounds that night) along with Peeves who had been being a
nuisance ever since the term had started, as he walked to the charms room.
The corridor was empty , and the door was closed.  
There wasn't a silencing charm cast yet, which was odd given Malfoy tended to put one on
before they met up just in case a professor walked past.
Airakus glanced down at the Marauders map in his hand.  
It said Draco was in there, and there was nobody around so Airakus shoved it into the pocket
of his pants (given he had left his robes up in the dorm) before he entered the classroom,
closing the door gently as he cast a wand-less mulfato on the doorway .
“Draco?” Airakus muttered under his breath, a whisper so that Malfoy could know it was him
there.  
Airakus felt someone grab his wrist and tug him into a hug.
He felt an overwhelming sense of deja vu.  
This had happened once before, in this very room, just after the first task of the triwizard
tournament if he remembered correctly .
“Hello to you to?” Airakus chuckled confused as he let his arms fall around Malfoy . 
Draco was still only a few centimeters shorter than Airakus, so their heads were rested on
each other shoulder , Draco burying his face in the crook of Airakus's neck as the stood there,
neither boy uttering a sound as they grasped each other firmly .
Airakus’ s mind was racing.  
Something must have happened.  
His letter was quick and panicked given his handwriting was wretched in it, and Draco took
pride in his neat fonts and swirls on his capitals.
“Are you alright Draco?” Airakus asked after at least five minutes of them just standing
there.  
Malfoy took in a breath as he let go of Airakus, separating them as quickly as possible as he
stared of f towards the side, Airakus suddenly feeling a pang of loss hit his chest.
“My mother wants me to stay here over Christmas, because…because I told Dumbledore
about the meetings my father had been having over the summer , and she doesn't want me to
come home in case they try to use Legilimency on me…” Draco mumbled, and Airakus's
breath caught in his throat.
Legilimency was illegal if not trained properly , and on your own son? That was horrendous.
A irakus knew Lucius was bad, but he would never have thought.
Walpur ga used Legilimency on Regulus and Sirius when they were kids, that's how she found
out about Sirius and Remus, by reading his mind with illegal dark magic.
“Have they done it to you before?” Airakus asked, his eyebrows furrowed in concern as he
stepped towards Draco, who shuf fled backwards slightly , bumping into the desk behind him.“No but fath…Lucius threatens it, says my great aunt took pride in using it on my cousins,
and well, I've been practicing shielding it with Severus, but he's been seeing a lot of my
private thoughts and refused to practice unless I get it under control,” Draco side tracked as
Airakus watched him, eyes wide.
“You told Dumbledore about all this then?” Airakus asked, Draco nodding slowly with a
chuckle.  
“Rather stupid isn't it? I hate him so much yet I'm crawling to him for sanction when daddy
dearest turns on me.” Draco scof fed, Airakus shaking his head.
“Your so brave,” Airakus muttered as he reached out, pulling Draco into a tight hug once
more, Draco went dead silent as his face went red.
“Bloody Gryf findor .” He replied as they stood there for a while longer in silence. Airakus
opened the door to the charms room, Draco trailing out behind him. "Sorry" Airakus sighed,
Draco furrowing his eyebrows before he saw why Rosier had apologized.
“Out of bed I see?” Filch asked as he handed them both detention slips.
Chapter End Notes
sorry for not posting for a few days, idk how long its been but ive been caught up with
doctors appointments and school and other muck so ill try and get back to everyday .
EDITING NOTE>>> I LOVE THIS CHAPTER, AND THANKYOU FOR ALL THE
HITS WHAAAAA TTTT????Mrs.Perfect
Chapter Summary
Hermione, ar guing, and a rather nasty day overall.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The rest of October went swimmingly . 
AIrakus spent his days the same as per usual, his weekends with Seamus and Dean down by
the lake, Harry and Ron on the Quidditch pitch or with Draco, Theo and Pansy out near the
pumpkin patch at Hagrids.
Those days where Harry and Ron would rush to the common room after a fly , and Airakus
would sneak of f to Hagrids to play with the creatures and talk to the Slytherins for a while,
were by far his favourites.
Theo was laying in the grass, Airakus scooping the mucky inside of the pumpkins that Pansy
was carving for the girl as she made wretched faces at the slime one particular day after class,
just before Halloween. They were sitting there, Theo laughing at Pansy's disgust when the
faint sight of Draco came strolling across the grounds, not to far behind him, the sight of a
prudish looking Hermione Jean Granger .
Airakus sprang to his feet, Pansy jumping nearly three feet away from him as Theo groaned,
dropping his head back into the grass.
“CAUGHT! I T OLD SEAMUS YOU WERE SNEAKING OFF WITH THEM ALL! I SA W
YOU WITH MALFOY LAST WEEK WHEN I W AS ON ROUNDS! IN THE CHARMS
ROOM! AIRAKUS I SWEAR T O MERLIN IF HARR Y FOUND OUT HE'D HA VE YOU
MURDERED…” Hermione began as she shoved at Airakus angrily , Draco standing behind
her with an apologetic look on his face.
“Really Malfoy? Gotta bring the know it all down here? I was trying to take a nap!” Theo
groaned.
“Oh stuf f it Knott” Pansy scof fed as Hermione stopped hitting Airakus, standing in between
three Slytherins and Airakus Rosier with a red face and a tired arm.
“Seamus already knows, Mione, everything's fine, and Harry doesn't have to know , unless
you say something....” Airakus replied as he watched the girl shake her head.
“We need you in the common room, the twins are looking for you to start planning the
Halloween Party this weekend and sent ME to go find you. I wont say a word if you comewith me now Airakus Gatsby Rosier , or I swear I will tell your entire dorm that you're
fraternizing with the enemy!” Hermione scof fed.
“Alright Ron calm down!” Airakus scof fed, referring to that dreadful ar gument after the Y ule
Ball.
“Oh shut up Airakus! Do you know how much trouble you could be in over this? Malfoy?
Knott? Come on?! What are you thinking? What would your dad have said?! W ould he really
want you to end up like him? God Airakus, If they found out about Puppers they'd kill you
themselves!” Hermione snapped, going dead silent as she caught herself in her own words.
Airakus looked at the girl he'd known for three years in disbelief.
Draco already knew . 
He knew and he was fine.  
He knew and he still trusted Airakus.
“Draco knows. He's known since the world cup; and if you knew a SINGLE thing about me
other than the surface of my life than you'd understand that me and Malfoy have been friends
since THIRD YEAR! That HES THE ONL Y ONE who talked to me when I gashed my face
open last term, when Harry was selected, when Ron and Harry were ar guing? Y ou
disappeared, and he was there! YOU WONDER WHO GOT HIM T O ST OP CALLING
YOU SLURS HERMIONE? BECAUSE HE BLOODY WELL DIDN'T DO IT HIMSELF!?”
Airakus screamed at the girl, a look of utter betrayal on his face as Pansy grabbed Theo and
ushered him away from the ar gument, clearly aware that they weren't meant to hear any of
that.
“Ill talk to you later Aira.” Pansy interjected as she glanced back at Hermione, eyes wide
with confusion and sudden disappointed sadness for the girl as her and Theo rushed away .
Airakus stood, fuming as Hermione faced the ground, staring at her shoes.
“I didn't know that Airy….” She began, Airakus scof fing.
“AND DON'T T ALK ABOUT MY DAD LIKE YOU KNOW A THING!” Airakus snapped.
“Airakus I'm sor…” Hermione began.
“Don't. I can't deal with this today , the moons tonight I'm already worked up as is. I'll see you
in class tomorrow Draco,” Airakus scof fed at the boy who nodded back, quietly , still a bit
shocked.
“Ill send you that box of frog cards as well…” Draco mumbled as Airakus and Hermione
passed him.  
“Yea thanks mate.” Airakus replied, his tone snippy . Draco’ s face dropped slightly at that as
the two Gryfindors headed back towards the castle.
They walked in silence.  
Hermione was guilt ridden and slightly scared that Airakus would get mad again, andAirakus was fuming, properly fuming, which was never good around the full moon.
The portrait hole swung open to reveal Airakus and Hermione.  
All their mates were in the common room clearly waiting for them to get back, other than that
it was deserted.
“What did you all need me so ur gently for?” Airakus asked with a huf f, the whole room
going silent as everyone stopped dead in their tracks.  
Seamus was sitting on the arm of the couch beside Dean, and he glanced at Hermione,
immediately he knew what was wrong.
“Fred and Geor ge were just wondering what you wanted to do for Halloween?” Ron began,
slightly confused as Harry gave him a glare to shut up.
“Well, if I'm out of the hospital wing by then I'll bloody well let them know! Because if you
all for got I'm a blood thirsty beast who can flip on a dime and become a death eater according
to Mrs.Perfect over here!” Airakus snarled, his voice snippy , his arms waving around in the
air as he stood, looming over the others.
You could have heard a pin drop.
“Airakus that's not what I said..” Hermione began.  
“Its bloody well what you meant and we both know it.” Airakus snapped back as he turned
on his heel and stormed up to the dormitory .
They waited, and within two minutes the sound of a dorm slamming and a radio blaring
could be heard throughout Gryf findor tower .
“What the fuck did you do to him Hermione?” Seamus sneered at the girl as he turned to face
Hermione, who was stood, red faced, staring at her shoes.
“I got a bit mad when I found him with…with some people..” Hermione mumbled, and
Seamus’ s eyebrows shot up.
“Who…” Harry began to ask, but Seamus cut him of f.
“Say a word and I swear Hermione I will kill you my bloody self!” Seamus snapped as he
thrusted his drink into Deans hand, the boy standing from the couch as he passed Hermione.
“Nobody comes upstairs.” Seamus snarled as he rushed towards the staircase.
When Seamus came into the room, Airakus was out on the ledge. The Smiths were blasting
(not a good sign) and his cigarette was lit.
“What happened?” Seamus asked as he sat down beside Airakus.
Airakus scof fed.
“She found Malfoy walking, interrogated him until he told her where I was, then stormed
down to Hagrids with him and yelled at me in front of Pansy , Theo and Draco. Said shewould tell Harry , and that I was 'fraternizing with the enemy'. That if they knew about
puppers they'd kill me and that my dad would be disappointed if he knew .” Airakus replied
blankly , as if it was common knowledge.
Seamus paused to think.  
She hadn't meant it.  
They both knew it.  
Airakus knew she hadn't meant it.  
So he didn't need to hear that.  
He needed an apology from Hermione.  
And he needed support from Seamus.
“What did you say?” Seamus asked, needing the full story .
Airakus scof fed. 
“Told her that me and Malfoy had been friends for years, that he knew about the wolf and
that she could fuck right of f about my dad.” Airakus snickered, Seamus nodding with a sly
laugh.
“I didn't know Draco knew you were a werewolf?” Seamus added, trying to ease into a
calmer conversation, something Dean had taught him to do when dealing with angry people,
given Seamus was most of the time quite angry .
“Yea, his father told him at the world cup, after we snuck of f together . He apologized a
million times, promised me he'd never judge me because of it, that he didn't care and that it
changed nothing, blah blah blah...” Airakus chuckled as he took a drag from his cig before
passing it to Seamus.
“Right sweetheart he is....” Airakus smirked, Seamus rolling his eyes.
“She'll never stop apologizing for it you know ,” Seamus sighed as he handed Airakus back
his cig.  
“I know” He replied.  
“You gonna for give her?” Seamus asked, raising an eyebrow . 
“Dunno, let me rip myself apart tonight and well see by Halloween.” Airakus chuckled,
flicking his cig of f the ledge.
Seamus nodded, the boys watching a few students walk across the leaf ridden lawn.
Chapter End Notes
I LOVE HERMIONE SO MUCH PLEASE DO NOT THINK I AM VILLAINIZING
HER.  
The reactions from the MAJORITY of his friends will most likely be like this or worse
given we all know how much they hate the Slytherins, so strap in.  
Warning here, this dies out pretty fast and they for give each other relatively quickly ,because i do not like writing ar guments and these were again all pieces of older versions
copied together . 
SO ST AN HERMIONE.  
Also Seamus is so me fr guys.Halloween Games...
Chapter Summary
Halloween party , Hannah Abbott and sworn to secrecy ...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Angry moons were always the worst.  
That night Airakus scratched his arms up pretty bad, along with his chest.  
He dislocated his shoulder again, which was starting to be more of a problem than it should
be at the ripe age of 15.
He woke up in the Hospital wing Thursday afternoon, meaning he hadn't eaten since dinner
Tuesday and was going to die soon if he didn't get his hands on some food.
He was eating his third helping of lunch (which happened to be pasta again that day) when
the doors to the infirmary burst open.
Seamus, Harry , Ron, Dean, Neville and Pansy….  
Airakus froze.  
What on god's green earth was Parkinson doing here?
“AIRAKUS! YOUR ALIVEEEE!!!” Seamus grinned as he rushed up to Airakus, who went
wide eyed as Seamus grabbed him into a hug, hitting his shoulder directly .
“Mr.Finnigan, for the millionth time, grabbing him so aggressively will only injure him
further , meaning he will have to ST AY LONGER!” Madame Pomfrey seethed from her desk,
Seamus leaping of f of Airakus with red cheeks.
“MY BAD POPPY!” Seamus yelped in response as Dean, Ron and Neville all gave Airakus
pats and side hugs, in a less violent way .
“Alright mate?” Harry asked, glancing towards Pansy who was standing on the opposite side
of the bed with Seamus, watching Harry and Airakus cautiously .
“Alright, tell the twins to come down so we can talk party?” Airakus asked Harry who
nodded.  
“I'll tell them in a bit, I think I'll stay for a while..” Harry mumbled as he glanced up at
Parkinson again.  
It was odd.  
And it was making Airakus nervous.“I'll stay as well, you three go find the twins,” Seamus waved their dorm mates of f, Harry not
moving a muscle as Seamus sat beside Airakus on the bed.
Pansy handed Airakus a box, along with a bar of chocolate.  
“He wanted me to give them to you, thought it would be a bad idea to come see you.” Pansy
nodded at Airakus as she whispered to him.
Airakus smiled as he took the box of chocolate frog cards which Malfoy had promised him,
and the bar of chocolate, which Draco had surprised him with.
“That bugger just bought me a box of chocolate frogs!” Airakus laughed out loud when he
opened the little cardboard box which was still perfectly sealed.
“I thought he was giving you the cards?” Seamus laughed as Pansy scof fed with a chuckle.
“You really think he collects chocolate frog cards?” She ruf fled Airakus's hair before she
brushed Seamus’ s shoulder , turned and left the infirmary , leaving Airakus to the wolves.
“Why was she here?” Harry snarled, his tone snippy as he watched the girl leave through
squinted eyes.
“Dunno, ask Granger?” Airakus replied, Seamus’ s mouth forming an O at the sudden come
back.  
Harry paused and took a breath.
“Airakus, she really didn't mean any of it….” Harry began, but he shook his head cutting
himself of f.
“I'm just glad you're alright mate, I love you you know that? Brothers right?” Harry began as
he grasped Airakus's uninjured shoulder with a smirk, Airakus chuckling as he grabbed
Harry’ s hand.
“Yea yea you big sop, go find the gingers I have plans to put into action” Airakus winked,
Harry rolling his eyes as he grabbed his bag and rushed of f out of the hospital wing.
“Well that was odd” Seamus sighed, smacking his lips together in a mocking tone causing
Airakus to hysterically laugh until Poppy told them to be quiet.
That weekend, Airakus was standing at the base of the stairs to the boys dormitory . 
The party was raging and Airakus, Fred, Geor ge and Seamus had payed of f all of the prefects
(other than Hermione) to keep quiet.  
The fifth year prefects weren't on rounds that night given it was a Friday , so they were all in
the Gryf findor Common Room, drinks in hand, singing their hearts out.
The Halloween feast had been the best thing Airakus had ever eaten.  
Every food imaginable, and pumpkin pie for desert.  
He could have died at that table and he would have died a happy man.
Airakus crossed the room to Seamus and Harry , who were sitting at the couch in the corner ,
their usual spot if dancing was taking a pause.They were all vaguely in uniform, given the party had commenced right after the feast, but
Airakus had managed to get his tie around his head, and Seamus’ s was halfway of f. 
Everybody's robes had been abandoned, other than some stuck up Slytherins and Ravenclaws
who refused to break uniform.
“This is a party if I've ever seen one!” Seamus grinned up to Airakus, grasping his mates
shoulder as Airakus collapsed onto the sofa in between Harry and Seamus.
“It would put our parents to shame!” Airakus grinned at Harry who rolled his eyes.
“Dunno about that…..” Harry trailed of f, his sentence cut suddenly as his eyes scanned the
portrait hole, angry? Maybe worried?
Airakus and Seamus followed his gaze to see Theodore Knott, Blaise Zanbini, Pansy
Parkinson and Draco Malfoy all standing around.
They usually came to bigger Gryf findor parties, given some ‘secret’ student continued to
invite them against the rest of the party planners wishes.
Airakus grinned, Seamus smacking him to snap him back into reality . 
He was already a little tipsy from the firewhiskey , and now with the Slytherins around, along
with Hermione who was still on thin ice, and Harry and Ron who would skin hims alive if
they found out....  
Airakus needed to be vigilant.
Airakus stood, nodding to Harry and Seamus as he rushed across the room towards the lar ger
crowd of students, so he wouldn't be seen.
He squeezed through students, passing (and ignoring) many of his friends to get to the
Slytherins who had taken the couch on the opposite wall of the room.
“Afternoon mortal enemies, how are we enjoying the party?” Airakus grinned as he sat on the
arm of Theo’ s chair , grinning at the rest of his secret friends who were sat on the couch.
“Just great, very…red?” Draco chuckled, Pansy sighing.  
“Its great Airy , really!” She hugged him, Airakus feeling oddly glad all of a sudden.  
“Are you lot staying for the games?” Airakus smiled sweetly , a facade to his evil plans to
force everyone to play muggle truth or dare once more.
“Oh Merlin not again! Remember how that ended last year?” Pansy groaned, Draco and Theo
laughing as Blaise sat confused slightly .
“OH but this year it'll be so much more fun, me and Seamus have decided upon spin the
bottle truth or dare, a mix of our favourite games, only make them wizard-like!” Airakus
grinned, you could tell he was three packets of sugar and two fire whiskeys in by the whimsy
in his tone.
Draco chuckled, an honest good laugh.“Sounds intriguing, I'll stay , Pans stay with me,” Draco demanded to his best friend who
nodded to Theo and Blaise.
“And those two accompany me everywhere, my gracious lanky weak bodyguards!” Pansy
smiled cheekily , Airakus scof fing as he shook Pansy’ s shoulder , rushing back towards where
he had left Seamus and Harry .
“All four of them are staying for the game!” Airakus grinned as he sat back down, Harry
groaning as Seamus grinned.
“And whys that Airakus? W e hate them!” Harry reminded Airakus, the taller boy shooting
Harry a look.
“Because Potter , it makes it all the more dramatiiiic!” He sang, Seamus laughed.
Around three hours of dancing, drinks and loud music later , it was once again, basically only
Airakus's friends in the common room, T .rex spinning on the record player as they all sat
sipping their drinks waiting for someone to start the games.
“Alright how many do we have?” Airakus stood wobbly , everyone's attention turning to the
tall boy as he began to headcount everyone in the room.
“12? That's good enough!” He grinned at Seamus and the twins who rushed towards the
middle of the common room in front of the fire, creating a circle.
The rest of the stragglers followed in suit, until Airakus was sitting in between Seamus and
Neville in a perfect circle, everyone eager for this Halloweens muggle game.
“So, do any of you know spin the wand?” Seamus asked, everyone in the circle vaguely
nodding.
“Alright so, we are playing spin the wand, whoever you land on you ask a truth or dare, if
they chicken or refuse to answer the question you have to kiss them!” Airakus grinned as he
looked around the circle.
He noticed people glancing across the circle at the people they fancied, Neville staring wide
eyes at Luna, Harry glancing at Cho, Dean wearily watching Seamus…..
“Alright, who wants to start?” Seamus laughed maniacally as he pulled out his wand from his
pocket, handing it to Fred who's hand shot directly into the air immediately .
He spun, landed on Angie and kissed her dead on the lips.
“Hey! That's not how this works!” Ron scof fed from across the circle.
“I wanted to kiss her , pish posh its your turn Geor ge!” Fred grinned as he threw the wand to
Geor ge who was sitting beside him.
And it began.Geor ge asked Hannah a dare, she licked the floor . 
Neville asked Hermione a truth, she answered.  
Airakus’ s turn.
He grinned as he spun the wand, it landed on Pansy . 
He chuckled, out loud, a rookie mistake but he laughed.  
Pansy was giggling and the entire circle was so intrigued with what was about to happen that
the atmosphere completely shifted.
“Miss.Parkinson.....truth….or dare?” Airakus asked in an old british accent, earning some
laughs from girls in the circle.
Pansy placed a finger to her chin as she pretended to think hard.
“Truth I suppose?” She replied, Airakus nodding as he thought, looking around the circle.  
His eyes landed on Malfoy , who was staring at Pansy , a nervous look on his face, he then
glanced at Airakus and saw he was also being stared at.
Airakus shook his head as he turned back to Pansy who was sitting just two people away
from Draco.
“Who do you fancy?” He asked.  
A simple question.  
One could lie.  
Deny that they fancied anyone.  
OR kiss whoever had asked them.
“Erm…I'm not sure if I want to say that!” Pansy went beat red, the entire group going silent,
nobody had backed down yet (other than Fred and Angie but that hadn't really counted).  
The whole circle of students were on edge.  
What would she say .
He didn't want to kiss Pansy . 
He doubted Pansy wanted to kiss him either given she was glancing at Draco like a lost dog
looking for commands.  
But Draco was staring at Airakus, eyes wide, face emotionless.
Airakus wasn't sure what to do.  
“I mean I used to fancy Malfoy , and Fletchley . Oh and that boy from September ...what was
his name....” Pansy grinned teasingly . 
She had been testing them all.  
Sneaky .
Airakus let out a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding as the group started talking and
giggling as Pansy explained her fling with some sixth year who she refused to name.  
Apparently he was quite the good kisser .
Seamus landed on some girl and asked her a dare, she did it.  
Harry landed on Cho and asked her if she fancied anyone (she said no).  And on the game went, the entire circle going with only one or two more kisses between
couples and Kellah and Kevin who both went beat red afterwards.
After nearly six rounds of the game, Hannah landed on Airakus, and he froze.
This would be good.  
For the most part everyone was giving simple truths and boring dares, other than Pansy and
Seamus who were on raging missions to destroy every friendship in that circle.
“Rosier ah! T ruth or dare?” Hannah asked sweetly , leaning in slightly , along with everyone
else in the circle, in a comical fashion that made Airakus want to chuckle.  
The average person wouldn't have noticed.  
But he wasn't an average person.
“Truth I suppose, did dare last time but you lot are boring!” Airakus pretend to yawn, earning
a pillow chucked at him from Dean who had asked him the last dare.
“Alright, who do you fancy?” Hannah asked.  
A simple question.  
One could lie.  
Deny that they fancied anyone.  
OR kiss whoever had asked them.
Airakus had thought it himself.  
Pansy had done it wrong.  
He would do it right.  
Deny and then lie.  
Worked best with David back at home, he was gullible like that.
“Nobody really ,” He replied, given it was after all the truth.  
He didn't fancy anyone.  
Because although Seamus would ar gue the fact, he couldn't fancy Malfoy . 
That was too confusing and Draco would NEVER feel the same.  
And the girls were all boring.  
He just wanted to eat chocolate with Seamus and Harry , and lay around all day with Malfoy ,
maybe talk to Pansy and Theo in between, the twins, Luna, Neville.
“Alright then kiss me!” Hannah grinned, a wicked grin.  
Airakus sighed.  
He crossed the circle and pecked her on the cheek.  
It wasn't even a proper kiss.  
Then he was back besides Seamus.
“There, happy now Abbott?” He scof fed, Hannah nodding as her and her friends giggled.
Airakus turned to look at Draco, who was staring at Hannah, eyes glossed over .
“It's getting late, I'm going back before I get prefect revoked,” Draco mumbled as he stood
and stalked of f.Airakus paused.  
Had he made Draco upset with him?  
He turned to Pansy who was staring at him.
‘Distraction?’ Pansy mouthed to Airakus who nodded slightly .
“I heard that Crabbe fancies you Daphne!” Pansy nearly yelled, Crabbe going beat red as the
entire circle erupted into conversation.
“Bathroom” Airakus muttered to Seamus as Crabbe stood, yelling at Pansy who was giggling
like a mad women.
Airakus slipped out of the common room, running down the corridor after the scent of Draco,
one he could tell from a thousand miles away .
“Draco!” Airakus called after him, but he didn't reply , his pace just quickened as Airakus
rushed after him.
“BLONDIE W AIT UP!” Airakus yelped, causing Malfoy to stop in his tracks.  
They were outside of the bathrooms, the moonlight casting odd shadows on the torch lit hall.  
Draco was wearing his prefect badge so neither of them would get in trouble if they were
caught.  
He was standing, his tie escue as he fidgeted with the copper star ring on his left ring
finger…the one Airakus had given him.
“Are you ok?” Airakus asked, out of breath as he stopped six feet in front of Draco.
Draco stayed still, his posture stif f, his eyes on Airakus’ s hands, somewhere he looked when
he was nervous or upset, something Airakus had noticed after this confusing friendship.
“No.” Draco replied, in such a hushed voice Airakus wouldn't have heard him.  
But he did.  
Werewolf senses did come in handy from time to time.
“Wha…what's wrong?” Airakus asked as he took a step forwards.  
Draco seemed to be cemented to the floor , fiddling with his ring, the one that Airakus had
given him.  
Airakus thought of this necklace, the one he wore religiously , with the moon, a star and a
shrunk compass with the initials D.M selected, seemingly permanently .
Airakus watched as Draco looked him up and down, and then once more.
He got an odd feeling in his chest.  
That odd feeling he used to beg away . 
He thought of the game.  
He had kissed Hannah on the cheek.  
Was Draco jealous of him? Did he fancy Hannah.  
Or…  
No that was ridiculous.  He wouldn't.  
Draco was good, as good as he could be.  
And Airakus was a monster .
“I don't want you to hangout with Hannah anymore.” Draco stated blankly , Airakus freezing
his pace, three feet away , confused.
“Why? Do you....Malfoy do you fancy her?” Airakus asked with a chuckled scof f, the merely
thought ridiculous.
“No you imbecile! I…..I fancy…..erughgghhh....” Draco groaned as he dropped his
shoulders, rolling his neck as he seemed to try and find the words.
Airakus looked at him in the moonlight.  
His hair was shining, white in the dim silver light.  
His cheeks were flushed pink, a dusty colour that reminded Airakus of flowers.  
His eyes were a piercing silver in the dark, and Airakus could feel Draco’ s blood, hot and
rushing.
He felt his own blood.  
He felt his own hands.  
He felt his own heart.
He closed the gap between them, grabbing Draco and tugging him in.
His lips were chapped against Draco's, whose were soft and plump, nothing like he had
expected.  
Airakus had his hands on Draco’ s hips, Draco’ s hands cupping his face as their mouth’ s
clashed, neither one moving as they breathed each other in.
Draco’ s hand made its way to Airakus’ s hair , Airakus pulling him closer as they stumbled
slightly , landing against the wall, Draco’ s back pressed against the stone as Airakus began
deepening the kiss, both boys needily grabbing each other .
Before Airakus could understand what had happened they were three feet apart again, and
they were both out of breath, staring at one another .
His hair was ruf fled. 
Draco’ s tie was of f, and their lips were both red and tired.
“What the fuck?!” Airakus asked seemingly himself.
“What the fuck?!” Draco reiterated, staring at the other boy as he caught his breath,
straightening his tie,
“We never speak of this again. Understood?” Draco snapped, Airakus looking up at the boy ,
suddenly feeling very alone, very abandoned.
“Sure…erm…see you tomorrow!?” Airakus called after him, but Draco was gone.He didn't sleep that night, instead he stared at the ceiling, thinking of one thing and one thing
only. He owed Seamus so much money .
Chapter End Notes
THEY FINNLA Y KISSED GUYS.  
You think its slwoburn reading, try writing it for nearly a year and now letting them
fucking kiss until nowwww . 
Warnign some parts get spiiccyyyyy after this so be warned if you dont liek this stuf f. 
also Seamus and Pansy our king and queen, they are my favourite instigators becuase
they are so me fr .Starboy
Chapter Summary
Draco Malfoy , and Airakus Rosier???
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up that night, a burning pain in his chest.  
But it wasn't from Puppers.  
Or Quidditch.  
It wasn't anything to do with his body . 
His mind was of f the walls.
‘Draco, Draco, Draco’ the entire way to class, ringing through his ears.  
He sat at breakfast, tie loose around his neck, robes laying beside him given the great hall
was steaming.
“Airakus, are you alright?” Ron asked, snapping him out of his thoughts.
“Me? Y ea I'm fine” Airakus replied, gruf fly, not a good sign.
“You haven't eaten yet, and…” Ron leaned in, “The moon was only two days ago, your
usually still starved!” He reminded Airakus, as if the werewolf could for get.
Airakus looked down at his glistening empty plate.  
He hadn't even filled it.  
He shrugged.  
“Not hungry”
Classes were draining.  
Airakus normally couldn't focus to save his life, boy today it was amplified by one million.
He couldn't stop thinking about the night before.  
Would Draco avoid him like he had after the Y ule Ball?  
Would Pansy and Theo find out?  
Should he tell Seamus?  
Should he talk to Malfoy about it…?
He sat down at his potions table, took out his textbook and waited.
The door swung open.  
Draco was there.  Thank the gods he was there.
“Rosier , enjoying your book?” Draco scof fed, their usual greeting that was an inside joke
between the two.
“Very much so Malfoy , want a bite?” Airakus replied as Draco sat down beside him, the
blonde boy rolling his eyes.
“Fancy a walk tonight? There's supposed to be a meteor shower and Parkinson refuses to
miss her beauty sleep” Draco whispered as Snape began talking, rolling his eyes.  
Airakus chucked under his breath as he nodded.  
“Yea sure” He grinned to himself as he opened his textbook.
BY the time Potions was over , AIrkaus had merely for gotten all about lat night.  
He had lulled over it in his mind all day , and the mere fact that Draco had said not to mention
it, had driven Airakus to ignore the horrid feeling in his stomach he felt every time he thought
of how disgusted and scared Draco had looked.
After potions, Airakus rushed away from his mates, running to meet Pansy , Theo and Draco
on their usual walk down to Hagrids.
He found them in their usual spot, the three strolling across the grounds as they headed to
class.
“So did you guys play more after I left?” Draco asked the trio as he skipped ahead slightly .
“No, Airakus came back from the bathroom and went to bed, then Finnigan went up after
him. They’re the ring leaders so…” Pansy chuckled with a shrug, Draco giving Airakus a
look that made him feel suddenly quite hot in his robes.
“Yea, you ruined it when you left Airakus you should have stayed” Theo scof fed, Airakus
chuckling with a nod.
‘Yea, I just needed to go to the bathroom, threw up, nasty thing drinking is, no clue how you
all handle being such light weights..” Airakus digged, Pansy and Theo scof fing as Draco
rolled his eyes.
‘Yea yea Rosier , your a bloody menace you know that right?” Draco replied, Airakus scof fing
as he wrapped his arm around Draco’ s shoulder , ruffling his hair with his knuckles.
‘You love me really” Airakus snickered as Draco weaseled his way out of the Gryf findors
grasp, casting him a humorous warning glance as he took to Pansy’ s side.
 
They arrived down at Hagrids for class, and immediately got back into the norm.  
Draco didn't act to out of the ordinary , but Airakus did catch him giving him glances time to
time throughout class.After Hagrid dismissed them it was nearly time for dinner , so Airakus promised Draco he'd
meet him outside the charms room before he dashed back to Gryf findor tower to put away his
books and meet Seamus and Harry for dinner .
“Your late” Seamus snarled at him, when he burst into the dormitory . 
It was technically untrue.  
Dinner started at 5.  
Hagrid had let them go around 3.  
Airakus had sure, dilly-dallied and hung around the Slytherins for an hour…or two, and
dinner had started.
But he wasn't late.  
Dinner had JUST started.
“I was with Malfoy” Airakus replied as he tossed his books down, loosening his tie as he
checked his hair in the mirror of the open bathroom.
“Why were you with Malfoy?” Hermione asked after Seamus let out an audible gasp.
“Why do you bloody think Granger?” Airakus replied, Hermione bowing her head slightly .
“Ron told me to come get you two” she mumbled, Airakus shaking his head as he wrapped
his arm over Hermione's shoulder ladishly , the way he treated all his friends.
“Its fine Mione, cant stay mad at your little nerdness” Airakus teased, Hermione grinning as
they made their way to dinner .
He was in a good mood.  
Clearly good enough to for give Hermione.  
Clearly good enough to not mention his lack of chocolate cake all dinner . 
Not good enough to hangout with his friends though.
It was 8:45 on the dot, 15 minutes before curfew . 
Seamus and Dean were sat on Seamus’ s bed, helping each other with homework.  
Harry and Ron were in the common room talking to Hermione about something secretive,
and Neville was half asleep.
“I'm not feeling to good lads, gonna go down to poppy” Airakus said as he slipped the
marauders map and his wand into his back pocket.
“Your shoulder?” Dean asked, standing slightly , but not before AIrkaus shook his head.
“No, knee, and id rather you didn't mess with those I need them! Ill be back before 1 1 I
swear , and I have the map!” Airakus nodded, Seamus and Dean sighing as they let him pass.
Airakus slipped into the common room, Harry , Ron and Hermione all turning to him, waving
him over to them.
“Airakus we need your help with something!” Hermione said eagerly , a bit too casual for just
being for given.“Hospital W ing, tomorrow before breakfast I promise!” Airakus replied as he went through
the portrait hole, leaving his friends behind.
He walked in the general direction of the hospital wing to avoid suspicious Gryf findors
surrounding the tower , before he took of f down the east corridor , headed straight for the
charms room.
His mind had started racing once more, able to suppress the memory of last night until that
moment.  
He wondered what Draco would say?  
If he would mention it at all!
 
Airakus arrived outside the charms room 2 minutes after curfew , and Draco was there,
leaning on the door , waiting for him.
“Your late” Malfoy snarled, Airakus rolling his eyes.  
‘Yea two minus, piss of f” He joked in response, Draco grinning as AIrakus pulled him in for
a hug.
Draco seemingly froze.  
Although they didn't hug often it wasn't completely out of the ordinary . 
To Draco it seemed of f. 
To Airakus it seemed perfectly right.  
As if they fit together .
His mind continued racing the entire walk to the Astronomy T ower .
Draco was explaining something about the meteor shower as they walked, Airakus ahead of
him checking round the corners for prefects or Filch.
Airakus loved listening to Draco ramble about things he loved, like astrology and history of
magic (although it was a boring class for the reset of their year , Draco seemed to enjoy it).
They eventually made it to the base of the astronomy tower , the boys walking up the steps
side by side, bumping into one another as they walked.
Draco bumped into Airakus rather hard, Airakus retaliated and soon they were shoving each
other by the shoulder into the sides of the stairwell.
They were being awfully loud, but it was half past nine by now , and most prefects would be
done their rounds of the astronomy tower checking for stragglers from extra classes.
Draco shoved Airakus, Airakus shoved him back, his back hit the wall and Airakus was
suddenly in front of him, stopping him from moving.
“Gotcha Blondie” Airakus grinned, but then he saw the look on Draco's face.  
He was beat red, his face flushed, his pupils dilated, his lips parted.Airakus was holding him against the wall of the stairwell, by complete accident, he hadn't
done it intentionally…
His mind was racing.  
The hall last night.  
The kiss last night.  
The day up in the dormitory before the feast.  
The summer letters.  
The nights after the full moons.  
The train.  
The Quidditch Pitch.  
The jumpers.
That night with Seamus on the boat.  
That night when Seamus perfect described Airakus's feelings in one go.  
That night when Airakus had avoided thinking of Malfoy , given he knew if he did that his
mind would jump to this.
He leaned in.  
Draco stilled, frozen against the wall as Airakus tentatively pressed their mouths together , his
hands on Draco’ s own.
He pulled away , and looked at Draco, eye level as per usual.  
He was redder than before, his eyes bright.
“We cant tell anyone.” Draco muttered out as Airakus licked his lips.
‘Course not!” Airakus replied.
And that time, Airakus wasn't the one who closed the gap.
Draco lifted his head slightly and needily kissed Airakus back, stepping forwards so that
Airakus slammed into the opposite wall of the stairwell.
Airakus grinned as he kissed Malfoy back, his thoughts completely filled with Draco.
They stayed in the stairwell, snogging, for ten minutes before they both were out of breath
and far to tired of standing.  
Airakus looked at Draco as he fixed his tie (which was escue) and ran a hand through his
hair, the hair that AIrakus had messed up.
He grinned
 
“What are you smiling at?” Draco asked, stifling a laugh as his face split into a goofy smile.
“You” Airakus replied, watching as Draco went red once more, looking around the stairwell
trying to avoid eye contact.“I really like you.” Airakus said, Draco freezing.
‘I like you too I suppose” Draco replied, staring at the ceiling light, the one that hung loosely .
“You suppose do you?” Airakus chuckled as he began walking up the steps, Draco remaining
where he was.
“Well your a bloody good snog, that's certain” He grinned, Airakus rolling his eyes as he
grabbed Draco’ s hand, leading the Slytherin up the rest of the stairs.
Airakus followed Draco out towards the lar gest window in the Astronomy tower , the pair
crawling through it onto the round balcony .
The sky was clear and shining in the night.  
Airakus looked up at it and suddenly felt very small, which was an odd feeling for the
freakishly tall boy . 
He felt very insignificant, which almost made him feel calm.
He looked to Draco who was leaning over one of the observatory telescopes, trying to locate
a specific constellation.
His hair was like it had been the night before, a whitish silver in the pale moonlight.  
His freckles were visible, the pale little specs all over his face.  
Airakus swore to himself then and there that he would one day kiss every one of those pale
unnoticeable freckles, and that he would be able to remember where they were.
He basked in the starlight, the starlight of his starboy .
“Look Akis its starting!” Draco smiled so widely , Airakus thought his face may split in two.  
Airakus followed Draco’ s gaze to see hundreds of streaks of yellow light flashing across the
sky as the meteors rained down.
It wasn't life like, it made Airakus feel as though it were magic, it must be, nothing was that
beautiful.
AIrakus watched the sky , in awe, turning back to Draco to admire him in his glory , content
and intrigued.  
There had barely been any meteor showers anywhere near Hogwarts the past few years.  
Airakus knew it made Draco upset.  
And he was glad he was happy .
Airakus let his hand fall beside Draco’ s ring covered slim one on the railing, inching his
pinky so that they were intertwined.
“Reminds me of you” Airakus nearly whispered.  
It was cheesy and he knew it.  
But it was true.
Draco seemed to glow more at the comparison.“Akis, would you fancy me if I asked you too?” Draco asked, catching AIrkaus slightly of f
guard.
“You don't need to ask me to do it Blondie, I've been doing it on my own…” Airakus caught
himself before he overshared, Draco’ s eyebrows going up.
“Want to despise each other here more often oh mortal enemy of mine?” Draco teased,
Airakus grinning.
“Only if you promise a snog or two” He smirked, Draco’ s face flushing as he scof fed.
“Only if I can tell Parkinson!”
“Only if I can tell Seamus!”  
“Deal”  
“Deal”  
“Suppose I'm like my dad after all” Airakus chuckled.  
“Whys that?” Draco replied, letting their hands link fully , as he looked back up at the stars,
the meteors having subsided.
“I'm snogging one of me best mates aint I?” Airakus grinned, Draco scof fing as he bumped
their shoulders together .
Chapter End Notes
heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheeh  
I did it, they are GA Y 
YippeeeeeeeeeeeGood Days
Chapter Summary
Malfoy , Telling Seamus, Classes and Ginny?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“SEAMUS FINNIGAN!” Airakus screeched when he got back to the dorms, shaking Seamus
awake.  
He had already cast Mulfato and was preparing for Seamus to hit him out of pure fear for
whoever was trying to murder him.
“MERLIN AIRKAUS WHA T!?” Seamus jolted awake, panicked until he saw Airakus sitting
at the end of his bed, chocolate bar in hand, grin on his face.
“MeandMalfoykissedlastnightandthenhetoldmetomeethimforthemeteorshowerandweenededu
psnoggingproperlyAGAINandthenhesaidwecoulddoitagainandthatIwasallowedtotellyou!!!!!”
Airakus rambled so quickly that he had turned a vague shade of red by the end of his rant.
“Slow it on down, i just bloody woke up!” Seamus complained groggily .
“When I followed Malfoy out of the party last night we ended up snogging in the hall, and
then I just went to meet him for the meteor shower tonight and it happened AGAIN! And he
said that he liked me!!! And and and, he was jealous that I kissed Hannahs cheek because he
wanted me to kiss HIM not because he wanted to kiss HER!” Airaksu grinned as he
dramatically sighed, Seamus staring at him wide eyed.
“DET AILS!!! DET AILS NOWWW!!! Just last month, you CLAIMED that you two were
JUST MA TTTESSSS and now your snogging Draco bloody Malfoy?” Seamus teased,
Airakus putting a hand to Seamus's mouth, both boys stifling their giggles.  
They were such girls sometimes.
Airakus walked to breakfast the next morning, a grin plastered on his face.  
He ate breakfast, grinning and laughing, cracking jokes in quite possibly the best mood he'd
ever been in.
“Whats got you so smiley?” Dean asked as he sat down across from Seamus and Airakus, a
smile on his face as per usual.
 “Nothing much” Airakus replied with a smirk as he shovelled more cereal into his mouth.  
As Dean and Hermione began talking about some homework assignment Airakus had already
completed, he wavered a glance over to the Slytherin table.
There was Draco.
Smiling widely as he laughed at Something Theo had said, Pansy laughing along with him as
Knott buried his face in is hands blushing.  
They teased Theo some more, Airakus watching with wide eyes.
He had never once honestly thought that he would glance at Draco and see someone he knew
to be a friend.  
Until he had.  
And then he had never believed that Draco would ever look at him the same way , the way
that him and Seamus had giggled over the night prior . 
But as Malfoy turned and caught Airakus's eye, he knew exactly what he was thinking.
Airakus had never made a quicker excuse to go to the bathroom before in his life, the
moment he got there he found Draco sitting on the counter top waiting for him.
“Morning” He smiled.  
Airakus crossed the room to him and hiked himself up onto the counter beside Malfoy ,
pulling his lighter from his robe pocket.
“Fag?” Airakus asked, malfoy scof fing. 
‘Rude” he mumbled as a response, Airakus grinning as he laughed.
They sat at the lar ge window in the boys lavatory sharing one of Airakus's last cigarettes.
“How did Seamus take it?” Draco asked after a few moments of silence.
“Good, really good, he wants to come hangout with us down at the pumpkin patch. I told him
that Theo didn't know and he understood and everything….” Airakus paused, glancing at
Malfoy to find himself being watched like a hawk by the blonde boy beside him.
“How did Parkinson take it then?” Airakus asked as he sucked in a breath, suddenly feeling
very antsy under Draco’ s watchful gaze.
“Well, she gloated quite a bit given apparently this was all thanks to her , and then she asked if
she could tell Blaise and I erm…I said she could in a while, just not ready for him to know
yet you know? I knew Pansy would be fine with it given shes erm…quite inclined with this
sort of thing, but Blaise and Theo may not be as erm…calm about it?” Draco muttered,
seemingly uncomfortable by the idea.  
“What do you mean Parkinson inclined?” Airakus asked, suddenly very confused.
“Shes quite well, gay I suppose, she never dated that boy in September it was some sixth year
girl on the Quidditch team…” Draco explained with a chuckle, Airakus's eyebrows shooting
up.
“I would have never guessed! Merlin!” He laughed, Draco rolling his eyes. 
Classes were boring.  
He had a nagging feeling on loneliness without Malfoy , one he always had, just it was
stronger now . 
He had felt as if the bathroom that morning had been more well, intimate than it would have
seemed.  
They hadn't held hands, they hadn't snogged, sure they had shared a cig but Airakus did that
with all of his mates.
In potions all was normal.
“Rosier , enjoying your book?” Draco had asked when he entered, as per usual.  
They had snarled at each other , Harry and Draco getting into a small ar gument before
Airakus kicked his table partner under the desk telling him to shuddup.
Then Airakus had walked out of class with his mates, saying goodbye to his friends as he ran
after Pansy , Draco and Theo.
They walked to Care Of Magical Creatures and got into their groups.
They had started working on a group project about the Imps they had, given few had gone
missing so Hagrid had had to regroup them all.
Airakus, Draco, Theo and Pansy had all been placed together , so the four hangout the entire
class after Airakus had finished their work in a few minutes (he wrote the quickest).
After class, he stayed down at the pumpkin patch, sitting beside Pansy as he watched Theo
and Draco ar gue over how they should dispose of the old rotting pumpkins from Halloween.
Then they had walked back to the castle, Airakus waving them all goodbye as he rushed to
the other door as to not be seen with his secret friends.
He sat down at dinner , only 15 minutes late, with Dean and Seamus, along with the entirety
of Gryf findor .
“Where were you?” Ginny asked, raising an eyebrow as she looked across the table at
AIrkaus.  
It was odd speaking to Ginny more often.  
She sort of kept to herself, hanging around the girls and Luna more often than Harry , and the
boys who shared Airakus's dorm.  
But in the past few weeks she had seemingly reappeared, and was most likely beside
Hermione and Harry , scolding her brother or laughing at Seamus and Airakus’ s jokes.
“Hagrids” Airakus replied.  
They all knew that Airakus had been asked to help with Care Of Magical Creatures.  
He did most of his extra work while down at Hagrids with Draco, Pansy and Theo, but they
didn't need to know that.“Who's even taking that course this term? Y our the only one I know who mentioned it..”
Dean asked Airakus, Airakus taking a moment to think.
‘Me, Kellah, Kevin, Daphne I think, Lisa T urpin,, W ayne and Mor gan….Oh yea Sophie and
Rodger , and then Parkinson, Knott and Malfoy” Airakus replied, nodding with a content
smile as he continued eating his dinner .
He took a moment to realise, but all of his friends had gone silent.
“I didn't know you had a class with them” Harry scowled as he turned, glancing at the
Slytherin table with distaste.  
It was a common action, and Airakus had learned to ignore it, but when he heard Hermione
scoff from Harry’ s side he raised his eyebrows.
“Yea, bloody horrid they are” She said, just agreeing with Harry , but then she saw Airakus
looking at her , raised eyebrows, fork stopped midair as he watched her , almost testing to see
if she would fold and say something.
She blushed as she looked away , clearly embarrassed that Airkaus had noticed the sarcasm in
her voice.
“Yea Airy , how do you put up with those pricks?” Ron scof fed, Airakus shrugging.
“I dunno guys..” Ginny mumbled, everyones head turning to her . 
You could seemingly hear a pin drop in that little section of the great hall, it seemed like there
was a mulfato charm cast given every sound the bench made of Ginny shuf fling
uncomfortably was clearly audible.
“What do you mean?” Ron scof fed from his spot down the bench from her , across from Dean
who was next to Seamus.
“Just, Luna and Draco grew up together , they’re really close friends, spend every holiday
together , and she says hes really sweet under all that stuf f he says. Its all his father , Harry you
should know that..” Ginny added, Harry raising his eyebrows at her as he opened his mouth
to retaliate.
“Well clearly Luna's not telling the whole truth, he wasn't there last Christmas, because
Airakus was there for a visit and he clearly wasn't around then!” Ron stammered, trying to
prove Ginny wrong.
Now everyone was looking at Airakus.  
He could lie.  
Draco had been there.  
But he didn't really like the thought of Ginny , one of Luna's best friends, only friends,
thinking she was lying to her for no reason.
“No he was there, kept his distance though” Airakus shrugged, Ron’ s (along with half their
friends other than Hermione and Seamus) mouth falling open dramatically as his fork
clattered to his plate.“Malfoy was there and you didn't bloody tell us!? What if he cursed you!? Did he say
anything nasty?” harry asked, panic in his eyes as if he was genuinely worried.
“Harry , whens the last time Malfoys actually said something to you that was bad?” Airakus
asked, Harry scof fing.
‘Potions class?” he replied.  
“No, you two were ar guing about ingredients, whens the last time he said something
ACTUALL Y bad?” Airakus reasoned best he could without defending Draco, although that's
what he wanted to do.
“I dunno, a while…” Harry went silent.
“He hasn't called me a Mudblood since last term now that you mention it” Hermione chimed
in, giving Airakus a pointed look.
He nodded with a small satisfied look on his face.
“There, hes a git sure, but maybe Luna's got something right. He has been being…better
recently no?” Airakus asked, everyone pausing to think.
“I suppose so” Harry replied.  
“But I'm still not gonna bloody spent Christmas with the bloke, hes still an arse” Harry
replied, Airakus chuckling with a nod.
 
That night Airakus went to bed content.  
His friends were well….very against Malfoy , but Harry had said he was getting better . And
Hermione had defended him.  
Seamus liked him rather a lot, and Ginny seemed to side with Luna.
All was going well.  
Couldn't last long could it?
Chapter End Notes
so I am still writing so Im not mkaing any promisises, but we may get some background
(maybe a bitmore forfront) Ginny and Luna side quests in the future I MAKE NO
PROMISIES>  
Also......the friend group is assembling...Summons from Albus
Chapter Summary
A meeting with Dumbledore, some new information and an interesting conversation
with Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
A week had passed, it was now November 8th and Airakus was sitting in T ransfiguration
class, playing with his necklace impatiently . 
His day had been quite the same as the one last week, right after Halloween, but this Friday
just wasn't hitting right.  
He felt as though something was going to happen.  
He could sense it in the air .
The classroom window burst open, a Pheonix flying around the room in one swoop before
landing on Professor Mcgonagols desk with a hoot.
Airakus watched as Minerva took the note from Fox’ s talons, handing the bird a treat before
it took of f once more.
She stood from her chair a few moments later , looking down at AIrakus who was near to the
back of the class sitting beside Seamus and Ron, Pansy behind him (in an unknown
purpuosfull pattern so that note passing was ideal).
“Mr.Rosier , Professor Dumbledore needs you in his of fice. Its ur gent!” Minerva nodded, with
a look that sent chills down Airakus’ s spine.  
As he loosened his tie anxiously , walking down the corridor his mind was racing.  
Something must have happened.  
He vaguely knew that Dumbledore was aware of Draco's situation, due to his early arrival at
school that year . 
But maybe it had nothing to do with Draco at all?
Airakus stopped outside the of ficer, muttering the password as the stairs appeared, spinning
as Airakus was brought up to Dumbledores of fice.
He had been in there before yes, after nasty pranks with the W easley twins, after rather rough
moons, after Barty Crouch had died.
But he had never been summoned there before, other than after the full moon before term
started to discuss his involvement in the order .That's when he settled on an answer . 
He most likely had a mission, or a meeting.
Airakus looked around the lar ge room, the portraits hung surrounding him all giving him
quizzical looks as he walked towards where Dumbledore was sat, a look of pure calm and
content on his face.
“Ah Airakus! Minerva sent you did she?” He asked, as if he hadn't told her too.  
Airakus nodded as he stood stif fly, just below Dumbledores desk.
“Well do sit down” Dumbledore smiled, Airakus walking a few steps and creakily sitting
down in the old wooden chair in front of the Headmaster .
“So Airakus, you must be wondering why I've summoned you here?” Dumbledore asked,
placing his elbows on his desk, linking his hands as he watched AIrkaus nod.
“Yes sir” AIrkaus replied.
“And you must also be wondering why you have yet to be summoned for a meeting or
mission for the Order am I correct?” He asked, Airakus pausing as he thought.
It had been on his mind since the end of September . 
Meetings were a weekly occurrence, if not more, over the summer , but perhaps it was just
because he was back in school.
“I have recently learned of your involvement with Mr .Malfoy…”
“Sir! I can explain that I swear its no….” Airakus began defending himself immediately . 
Did Moody not trust him because he was mates with Malfoy?  
Did they know about the two of them?  
About the other night?  
How could they?
“Airakus, I merely know you two are friends. After that day before term began it became
quite obvious.” Dumbledore chuckled, Airakus letting out a deep breath as he relaxed into the
chair .
Thank Merlin.
“Severus has informed us at the Order of some activities occurring at Malfoy Manor . We
have been speaking of it during meetings for quite some time and we suspect that Lord
Voldemort may be assembling his deatheaters there.” Dumbledore spoke with such ease, it
made Airakus feel as if these were normal, non worrying things, until he registered what the
old man had just said.
Malfoy manor . 
Draco lived there.  
Airakus’ s breath stopped once more as the old man kept talking.“The next meeting is next W ednesday , and Alastor and Remus have requested you attend, I
will summon you after dinner that day and we will apparate back to headquarters,”
Dumbledore explained, Airakus noting in his head.
“Narcissa has requested we bring Draco, but I don't think that is a viable option at this time.
So Airakus, be ready for more summons from me alright?” Dumbledore finished, leaving
Airakus frozen.
Narcissa was at the order?  
Narcissa Black Malfoy was at the Order?  
Narcissa was in the order . 
Draco was Narcissa’ s son.
“Sir, does he know? That his mothers in the order?” Airakus asked, Dumbledore furrowing
his eyebrows.
“Yes, hes aware that Narcissa has joined, that is afterall, why he arrived early . We thought it
unwise to allow him to stay at headquarters with Harry and the W easleys around.”
Dumbledore tutted.
Airakus took a moment to think before he nodded, beginning to stand.
“Airakus! Just, be aware that I would not think any dif ferently of you boys if there were other
things going on…..” Dumbledore began, Airakus bracing himself for another odd talk (like
the previous talk from Hagrid).
“I myself have dubbed in that area of relations before. So don’ t feel obligated to defend
yourself Mr .Rosier” Dumbledore nodded, that twinkle in his eye.
“Remus and Sirius don't know , nobody does.” Airakus said flatly . 
Of course Dumbledore knew . 
The bloody bastard knew everything.
“I assumed so, you wish it to stay this way?” Dumbledore asked, raising an eyebrow ,
something the old man did quite often Airakus was beginning to realize.
“Yes.” He replied as he stood.
“As you wish Mr .Rosier . I will see you on W ednesday!” Dumbledore nodded, and with that
Airakus walked out of his of fice, breaking into a sprint as he ran to Potions class.
He was late.  
And Panicked.  
Information ridden.  
And hurt.  
Draco hadn't told him.
He checked himself.  
Draco couldn't have told him, for the safety of his family and unknowing if AIrakus and hisfriendship would remain.  
He needed to talk to Draco.
He ran into potions, earning ten points for being late and another five for ‘making up
excuses’.  
He sat on his stool beside Malfoy who was halfway done their potions, a snarl on his face.
“Your late. Where were you?” Draco muttered under his breath.
“Dumbledores of fice, I've been summoned for an order meeting next week” Airakus replied
in a whisper so quiet he could barely hear himself.
“Oh? Is everything alright?” Draco asked, not looking at AIrkaus, as if he knew what was
coming.
“Yea, your mom wanted you to go as well but Dumbledore said you cant until everythings
sorted out.” Airakus replied snarkily , Draco’ s eyes going wide as he dropped the entire
handful of leaves into the potions, a small poof coming out of it as he turned to Airakus
slowly .
“You know now then?” Draco asked, staring ahead.  
“Yes” Airakus replied.  
“Are you angry with me?” He asked again, turning to Airakus.  
“No” Airakus replied quietly .
“Why didn't you tell me?” He asked after a mere second of silence.
“Couldn't, not until Dumbledore said something, wasn't allowed” Draco replied, Airakus
nodded with an ah.  
That made more sense.
“Are you staying here for Christmas then?” Airakus asked, Draco furrowing his eyebrows.
“You just found out that we’re fleeing my house because of the dark lord and joining the
rebel army and your asking me about Christmas?” Draco replied in a snarled whisper , a look
of utter confusion on his face.
“Well yes, cant have you staying here alone” Airakus replied, confused as to why Draco was
confused.
“I don't know yet Akis, thats in like three months!” Draco sighed.
“Two” Airakus mumbled back as he handed Draco the rosehip seeds.
“Why does it matter?” Draco asked pouting, as if he was upset by the topic.
“Because you can spend Christmas with me and Seamus in W ales! I'm sure your mother
would enjoy holidays with Sirius no?” Airakus asked, Draco’ s eyes doing that glint they did
when he got excited, or had a good idea or plan.“I don't know Airkaus, lets just see what happens at the meeting,” Draco nodded, Airakus
nodding aswell with a sigh as he settled into his seat, his eyes fixed on Draco’ s hands as he
made the potion, with no help from the W erewolf beside him.
Chapter End Notes
Yes yes yes yes, we have gays at every corner . 
Also, my postings at random now I cant make promiises anymore.  
Im sorry if im spelling Narcissa wrong but my autocorrect isnt being helpful and im to
lazy to google it.  
NO SEAMUS IN THIS CHAPTER WHICH MAKES ME SAD> even though I wrote
it.Happy days
Chapter Summary
Really short Chapter> filler and happy Airakus
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Wednesday came sooner than Airakus had well hoped.  
He had spent the entire weekend with Seamus, filling him on on the things he was allowed to
tell the other kids.  
Harry had begged him to know more, but Airakus had to keep him in the dark.
It had hurt him to say no.
“Why cant you just tell me? T o hell with Dumbledore!” Harry had yelled, AIrakus feeling
proud of the boy who lived for finally standing up for himself.
“Because Harry , you'll know eventually , if it was important enough they'd tell you before
me!” Airakus had responded, mostly truthfully .
Harry had been avoiding him since that conversation Sunday , which had been upsetting, but
made it easier to sneak away after dinner to see Draco.
They had met up on Saturday , along with Pansy and Theo down at the pumpkin patch and
had stayed there all day , skipping lunch.
Then again after classes on T uesday . 
Tuesday night Draco had asked Airakus, asking him to meet him in their spot after the
meeting so they could talk about it, Airakus agreeing of course.
They hadn't told anyone else about the night on the Astronomy tower , and it felt to AIrkaus
as if it was being buried by the small things Malfoy kept doing.
Every time Airakus caught Draco staring it made it day . 
Every time his hand tapped Airakus' in Potions, or slipped him a note during Magical
Creatures littered with small drawings signed with a heart it made Airakus feel on top of the
world.
They hadn't kissed since that night.  
But they didn't need to.  
They looked at each other , smiled and looked away enough for anyone as smart as Hermione
to notice if they had been paying attention.And Airakus was happy . 
He was truly happy .
Chapter End Notes
im posting a few more chapters rn because this ones really short and I need to make up
for the past three days I missed (i was busy crying over halloween, my marauders fan
gay ass cant take it anymore).  
Go follow the T umblr , thinking about positng some updates on there, also thankyou to
everyone reaidng this omg theres so many of you (shoutout to my main man of f tumblr
who read the whole fic so far!!!!!!) Its unbeleivable that anyone likes my writing lmaoOrder Meetings.
Chapter Summary
Order Meeting, Narcissa Black, Ar guments, Sirius's shenanagins and promises for
Christmas.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus left Hagrids after class, walking up to the castle alone, leaving his Slytherin friends
behind.  
Dumbledore had sent Fox to remind him a few minutes ago, so he left his books with
Seamus, grabbed his coat in replace of his school robes and headed for Albus's of fice.
When he arrived the old man was dressed in lavender robes, ones that made him look quite
mystical.  
“Ready Mr .Rosier?” Dumbledore asked with a raised eyebrow , Airakus nodding as he took
Dumbledores arm, apparating out of Hogwarts.  
It was odd apparating with him, but the first time had been far worse, and when Airaksu
landed in the hall of number twelve Grimmauld place, he felt glad to be back.
He looked around.  
Some of the cobwebs had been cleaned, and the floor seemed less dusty , but other than that
the house was the same it had been two months ago when he had left it.  
He hadn't realised how homesick he was until the fact that he wouldnt be going to W ales
settled on him.  
He saw Grimmuald as home sometimes, but it was a rather unsettling place compared to the
warmth of the Lupin family home.
“Airakus!” he heard come from the doorway . 
He turned to see Remus walking towards him, and soon he was enveloped in a hug.
“Lleuad” Airakus grinned as he hugged his godfather back.  
He had missed Remus, seemingly more than usual.  
Sirius came tumbling down the stairs a few minutes later and tackled Airakus into a brotherly
hug, the one that Seamus gave him each time they met after a few days apart (which were
becoming more rare occurrences).
Airakus rushed into the drawing room, Alastor giving him a pat as he appeared from the
fireplace.  
That's when he entered the kitchen.Mrs and Mr W easley were inside, Bill and Charlie at the table with Kinglsey , Tonks, Fionna
(Seamus's mum) and Mrs.Fig.
There were barely any people there.
“Remus, have you heard from T obias or Finnely? They’re supposed to come to this meeting
but neither of them have written to me all month….” Narcissa appeared in the doorway .
Her hair was longer than Airakus remembered it, the front two strands, usually died blonde,
now fading back to their natural brown.  
Her face seemed more full than usual, but then again so had Draco's.  
Her eyes seemed more alive.  
Less empty and cold as Airakus remembered them to be those few years ago when he had
seen Narcissa at the train station, when they had been heading back to school from
Chrismtas.
She stopped in the doorway , looking at Airakus, eyes wide.
“Airakus I'm assuming?” She asked, going flat on her feet as she fixed her posture.
“Yes Mame” He replied, so accustomed to the proper manners he was forced to have at these
meetings (mostly by Minerva and Modoy who would growl at him if he used his 'improper
language' or called anyone mate).
“Ive heard loads about you from Draco, I'm overjoyed to meet you!” Narcissa smiled as she
shook Airakus’ s hand, Airakus stif fening as he glanced to Remus and Sirius who were both
looking at him, Remus confused, Sirius wide eyed with a smirk.
“Yea, pleasure Mrs…erm….” Airakus paused.  
Was Malfoy not the name he was supposed to use?  
He was so ungodly confused.  
When was Dumbledore going to come start the meeting?
 
“Black, but just call me Cissy” She smiled, Sirius grinning in the corner as she patted
Airakus's shoulder and rushed to Seamus’ s mom, sitting beside her as they began speaking,
most likely about Airakus.
“Airy , a word…?” Sirius asked, with raised eyebrow , Airakus turning to Remus who had
disappear of f after Narcissa, refusing to be involved in Sirius’ s shenanigans.
Airakus followed Sirius into the drawing room that led of f form the dining room where they
had been waiting for Dumbledore.
Sirius closed the door and grinned from ear to ear .
“Are you and Draco friends then?!” He asked, a wicked sense of mischief on his face.  
It reminded Airakus of the stories Remus had told him, that when Sirius knew a secret, and it
turned out to be true, he would be overjoyed with himself for figuring it out.“Merlin's beard" Airakus groaned under his breath, looking at his second dad with a sigh.  
It was just Sirius.
"Yes, we are...but its a secret Sirius! Remus barely even knows about it and Seamus is the
only one of my mates who are fine with it!!!! Hermione nearly murdered me when she found
out! And Harry , god harry would kill me!!!!” Airakus replied panic rising in his voice as
Sirius’ s face dropped slightly .
“Why would Harry be mad? I get that the kids a bit of an arse sometimes but you just mates.
I mean, Remus was friends with Evan and Dora, and Barty and Reg when we were at
school.... I was never that mad at him for it…” Sirius recollected, Airakus standing
awkwardly .
Harry would murder him for being friends with Malfoy . 
But he would cut him into bits and ship him to america if he found out about that night on the
Astronomy tower . 
The things AIrkaus thought about Malfoy . 
The things Airakus had said and done.
“Yea…Harry really hates him.” Airakus replied blankly , Sirius frowning slightly .
“That's not fair to you, if you like him Harry shouldn't be able to change that. Ill talk to him
for y…” Sirius began, but Airakus cut him of f immediately .
“NO SIRIUS! DEFINITEL Y….” He took a deep breath.  
“Definitely don't do that, don't get involved, he doesnt even know yet and none of them know
that Narci…Cissys in the order! I doubt hell be pleased if shes here at Christmas…” Airakus
paused, thinking of that horrid reality .
“Well its not his bloody choice is it? Shes my cousin, and she stays here, you don't mind do
you? I mean, I get that Draco’ s maybe not the nicest, but he does try! And hes my family .”
Sirius said, his face returning to a smile as he tried to convince Airakus the same thing
Airakus had been trying to convince his friends all year . 
“Yea, he does try , and hes only an asshole sometimes!” Airakus chuckled, interrupted by the
shouts of Dumbledore's arrival in the meeting room.
The order sat down.  
Airakus looked around the room, registering that only the most trusted members were there.  
Dumbledore stood, the meeting commencing.
“So, this meeting is merely to discuss the plans surrounding Malfoy Manor , and the removal
of Narcissa and Draco” Dumbledore began, Narcissa bowing her head as if ashamed to be
such a central point of the operation.
Dumbledore explained some missions, some infiltration plans, some tactics, then he glanced
at Airakus.
“Now Draco has been giving us all the letters his father sends, which are, limited to say the
least. He isn't required home for the winter holidays next month, so he will be cominghere..its safer this way of coruse, and we planned to bring him here either way .” Dumbledore
said flatly , Narcissa still looking down.
Airakus froze.
“Harry will loose his shit!” Airakus exclaimed, his chair falling to the floor as he stood.  
A few people gasped, which was over dramatic.  
Minny shit him a glance for his language, Moody rolling his eyes.
“LANGUAGE!” Molly snapped for Minerva (taking the words right out of her mouth),
Airakus scof fing.
“Mr.Rosier , there is no alternative! Its here, or he stays at Hogwarts, which I doubt his mother
would appreciate, Christmas alone?” Dumbledore asked, Airakus pausing.  
Christmas alone?  
harry had spent Christmas alone for eleven bloody years.  
summer alone thinking all his friends other than Airakus and Seamus had abandoned him.  
Dumbledore hadn't seemed to care then.
“He can stay with us! Cant he Remus? Seamus is already in W ales with us, don't see why
Draco cant come as well!” Airakus said, his eyebrows shooting up as he glanced down at
Remus.
Dumbledore turned to Remus who shrugged.  
“If its alright with Cissy hes more than welcome, she can stay with us Christmas as well
given for the actual holiday we’ll only be here to see Harry . We’ll be in and out of
headquarters, and Draco can stay with Airakus and Seamus, no need to make a fuss with the
kids and him if they’re erm…issues are unresolved….” Remus replied, Dumbeldore turning
to Narcissa who nodded.
“I think he'd prefer staying with the boys than here, hes closer with Airakus than the rest of
them.” She nodded, Airakus nodding fervently in agreement to Dumbledore who sighed.
“Very well then, hell take the train with you and apparate to W ales with Remus” Dumbledore
finalized, the table all sharing a grunt of agreement.
After the meeting, and some dinner , Airakus apparated with Dumbledore back to Hogwarts.  
He had managed to avoid being alone with Remus or Sirius to avoid their questioning about
his ar gument with Dumbledore over Draco bloody Malfoy . 
But he knew it would come eventually .
He was about to bid farewell to the Headmaster , standing in the doorway to leave his of fice
when the old man spoke.
“Mr.Rosier , don't mind me asking, but why are you friends with Mr .Malfoy?” He asked, his
voice reminiscent of Luna's, airy and wonder filled.
“Dunno, always sort of have been. Why?” Airakus replied, slightly confused.“I suppose I've always noticed you two being aggressive towards each other , always got
rumors and reports of ar guments and fights….just assumed you disliked him as much as your
friends did. It was a shock to me when I learned you two were quite close, it was actually
Madame Pomfrey who explained to me after dinner before term started that you two were
indeed friendly .” Dumbledore smiled at Airakus who replied with a tight lipped nod.
“Goodnight Professor” Airakus replied, leaving the of fice with a quick glance to his
Headmaster .
Chapter End Notes
So, we're going to have some intersting things happening soon so BEW AARE FOR
THE TEA.  
I also want to note that I have horrrible gramar skills, so if your super adamint about
calmas and quotions im SORR Y IF I FORGOT!!!!  
Eveyrone get excited for the Christmas chapters
XXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD“Yea, yea I'd like that”
Chapter Summary
Prefects, Draco and Hermione, and a kiss or two.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus rushed past Gryf findor tower , basically running down the corridors in an endless
game of tag with someone who wasn't aware they were playing.
He was searching for Draco, who he knew was on rounds, but was also trying to avoid
Hermione and or Ron, who he knew were on rounds as well.
He eventually saw the flash of blonde alongside a girl, who he assumed was Parkinson, and
ran up behind them, grabbing Draco and turning him around, holding him at arms length as
he grinned.
“BLONDIE! HA VE I GOT NEWS FOR YOU!” Airakus sing songed as Draco stared, wide
eyed, between Airakus and none other than Hermione Jean Granger .
Airakus froze, as he watched Hermione scan both of the boys faces.
Airaksu knew he was supposed to meet Draco outside the charms room after he was done
rounds to tell him anyways.  
But that memory had slipped his mind when he had left Dumbledores of fice to seek Draco
out. 
And now he had screwed himself.
“Pardon us for a moment Mione” Airakus nodded tight lipped as he grabbed Draco’ s hand
and dragged him back around the corner , knowing full well that Hermione was listening.
“Rosier are you insane?!” Draco seethed through a whisper .
“When are you done your rounds?” Airakus asked, staring at Draco dreamily , making the
Slytherin squirm in his place as he looked back at Airakus.
“In twenty bloody minutes, could you n….not have…w ..waited?” Draco replied, stuttering
over his words as he grew increasingly aware of Airakus’ s hand on his wrist.
“Forgot” Airakus replied as he let go of Draco’ s wrist and turned to corner to see Hermione
standing right there, ears perked as she squeaked and bounced away .“Merlin you scared me Airy!” She snapped, in her ‘trying to be stern’ voice that made her
seem silly .
“Mind if I join you two for the next….twenty minutes or so?” he asked, Draco appearing
behind him with a look of pure annoyance and exhaustion on his face.
“I don't mind, I need to talk to you about that thing later though, the one we tried talk to you
about the day after Halloween!” Hermione said, raising her eyebrows at Malfoy who was
standing to Airakus’ s left side, watching the girl with growing distaste.
“Don't mind him, do tell” Airakus said as he began walking, the two prefects (well aware that
it was past curfew) following in suite.
“Id rather we waited for Harry and Ron, they needed to ask you about it more than I did, I
could bloody well do it myself!” Hermione began, Airakus nodding as the three walked
incense, Draco and Hermione to either of Airakus’ s sides.
“What was that oh so important news Airakus?” Hermione piped after a few moments of
silence that, for her and Draco, had grown increasingly awkward.
“Oh nothing, I'd rather you didn't know” AIrkaus replied, hermione looking of fended as
Draco stifled a laugh, and failed.
"Something funny Malfoy?” Hermione asked, sneering as she did so, which was very , unlike
Hermione.
“Yes Granger there is something funny” Draco snarled, Airakus rolling his eyes as the two
began bickering.
“Well then Malfoy whats so funny?” Hermione replied snippily , Draco scof fing.
“For one, your face, my second clearest option is that you insist on eavesdropping on our
conversation, given your determined to know why Airakus and I don't despise each other
anymore, although it seems we never really did and that I was the better friend all along? And
it makes you soooo angry to know that he'd rather be with me than you, really riles you up
doesnt it Granger?” Draco snapped, Hermione scof fing.
“In your dreams Malfoy , Airakus would never choose you over us and that's just fact”
Hermione snarled in response.
“Oh really? Mind telling me the last time you and Airakus sno…” Draco was cut of f by
Airakus slamming his foot on top of the Slytherins, the blonde boy grabbing his foot in pain
as he yelped.
“Sorry” Draco said ur gently , Airakus squeezing his shoulder as he looked back to Hermione.
“You know you two would get along swell if you let go of all this bloody nonsense!” Airakus
added, Hermione and Draco sharing a scof f.“You both still have that really strong stance on S.P .E.W , and your top of out year , the both of
you!” Airakus rambled, continuing to remind them how similar they were.
“Malfoy was joking about S.P .E.W last term and you know it Airy” Hermione tutted as they
stood, cemented to their spot in the corridor .
“I was not!” Draco defended himself, sounding of fended that the girl would think such things
of him.
“What? Y ou mean you actually care about what happens to your house elves? Harry told us
all about how your family treated Dobby!” Hermione sneered at Draco who furrowed his
eyebrows.
“Yes my fathers cruel to the house elves, I always make sure they're properly healed and
cared for . I would never do something horrid, I hate the fact that we still have them, its such
an old tradition” Draco sighed as he held the bridge of his nose, preparing for Hermione to
argue with him some more.
“Oh…” Hermione said, interrupted by her watch chiming.
“Ah, rounds are done” Hermione said slowly , Airakus grinning as he rememberd why he had
wanted to talk to Draco in the first place.
“NIGHT MIONE!” Airakus nearly yelled as he dragged Draco down the hall with him,
Hermione standing in the corridor unsure if she should go back and give them detention or
leave.
She went back to Gryf findor T ower .
“Merlin Akis, let it out!” Draco sighed after a good twelve minutes of Airakus repetitively
saying that Draco was going to be overjoyed.
“I met your mother at the meeting and Sirius interrogated me about it but that's irrelevant!
Your not going to the manor for Christmas, your staying in W ales with me and Seamus!”
Airakus grinned as he stood in front of Draco, his hands shaking from excitement.
This was perfect.  
He hadn't wanted Malfoy to be away for two weeks, especially if he couldn't write.  
And now they could spend the holidays together  
And Remus could meet him.  
And Seamus could really understand how lovely he was.  
And all would be swell!
 
Draco stood, his face odd.  
Airakus couldn't make it out.
“You mean I don't have to go back?” Draco asked, Airakus’ s grin dropping.“No, no you don't unless you want to…do you want to?” Airakus asked, growing suddenly
nervous that Draco didn't want to spend the holidays with him.  
That he didn't want to meet Sirius and Remus.  
That he didn't want to hangout with Seamus.
That he didn't want to be with Airakus.
Draco grinned, grabbing Airakus's hand.
“Not in a bloody million years would I pick my father over a Christmas with you!” Draco
smiled, Airakus's mind switching back to pure bliss the minutes he saw the blonde boys face
light up.
He grabbed Draco’ s neck and pulled him in, kissing him hard on the mouth.  
Draco leaned in, deepening the kiss as the stood in the empty classroom.
When they separated, Draco was beat red and Airakus was still grinning ear to ear .
“Will my mother be there then?” Draco asked as they sat, sharing a cigarette in the
windowsill.
“Shes staying at the order , but shell come round for dinner and for Christmas day of course.
We need to eat at Grimmauld with the W ealseys and everyone and everyone thinks you
should erm…stay behind for that…but I'm sure we wont be gone long!” Airakus exclaimed,
not wanting Draco to feel left out of Christmas.
“No no its fine honesty , I've spent Christmas alone every year unless I went to Pansy's or
Luna's! This is…merlin Airakus this is brilliant!” Draco beamed as he handed Airakus the
cigarette which was basically finished by now .
Airakus smiled at Draco, jumping their shoulders together as they sat, legs hanging out the
windowsill.
“Maybe this can be a thing now? Holidays together?” Airakus of fered, Draco glancing at him
from the corner of his eye.
“Yea, yea I'd like that” He smiled, hiding his face in his knees as Airakus flicked the but of
the cigarette out the window .
Chapter End Notes
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeek my babies they are so goals.  
Hermione is a bad bitch and her character will get better I promise, its just there needs to
be conflict and its realistic for her to be angry with Airakus for being friends with Draco
(again just wait for Harry and Ron to find out).  
Thanks for all the hits oh my goodness gracious god!!!Motherfucking Finnigan
Chapter Summary
An interesting DA meeting, A chat with Harry , and Seamus motherfucking Finnigan.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Hogsmede weekend was that Saturday .
Airakus was exhausted, and properly not int he mood to be going anywhere what with the
full moon in a few days, but that had never stopped the werewolf boy before.  
Airakus had promised Hermione that he'd go with her , Ron and Harry , to discuss the thing
they so very ur gently needed his help with, so Airakus bid farewell to Seamus and Dean
when they reached the three broomsticks, finding the golden trio sat in the back corner in a
small booth, hot butterbeeers in their hands, one waiting for AIrkaus.  
He sat with a smile, patting Ron’ s schedule,r hugging Hermione and smacking Harry
backside the head for keeping him up all night the day before.
“Morning to you to” Harry groaned as he rubbed the back of his head, AIrkaus chuckling
along with Ron and Hermione as he took his seat, along with a swig of his butterbeer .
“Sp, whats this oh so important thing?” Airakus asked after a few minutes of chatting.  
“Right, well, we've had an idea, or more, I've had an idea, that we should start a club, to teach
everyone proper defense against the dark arts!” Hermione grinned, Airakus putting down his
goblet.
“Yea, Umbridge Isn't teachin us anything, and with he..with he who must not be named bein
back and all, we need a proper teacher!” Ron added, speaking the first intelligent words he'd
said in days.
“So we were thinking, wed invite people, who we trust not to tell obviously , and well meet
next weekend to discuss, and Harry can…Harry will be the teacher!” Hermione finished,
glancing at Harry who was staring at his empty butterbeer .
“I dont want to do it unless you help Airakus, you can do spells better than me and im sure
your more experienced and all” Harry added, Airakus freezing.  
He didnt want to do it without him?
 
‘Brothers’ rang through his mind as he grabbed Harry’ s shoulder with a grin.  
“Of course mate, time and place and ill be there!” Airakus grinned.On the walk back to the castle, all AIrkaus could think of was what Dumbledore had told
him.
‘Help your peers with Defense Against the Dark Arts’  
He had wanted him before it had even happened.  
And now Airakus was more like Remus than ever before.
The first DADA meeting was Thursday November 19th  
AIrkaus had just been let out of the hospital wing from the November full moon, which had
been on the seventeenth.  
He was exhausted.  
But he needed to do this.
He made it to the room of requirement, and entered the see nearly their entire year inside.  
No Slytherins.  
Which made his stomach churn.  
Draco, Pansy , Blaise, Theo, they all needed this just as much as the rest of the fifth years did.  
There were kids from all years, but it was mostly Airakus's own.
He looked around and saw Harry waving him over to him, Hermione and Ron who were
standing near the fireplace.
“Alright Airakus, so we've got the pins, just remember to be careful when we’re leaving na
coming in, and to watch for Malfoy and all of them, Umbridge has got all the Slytherins
under her thumb!” Harry sneered, Hermione glancing at Airakus, he ignored her .
“Of course!” Airakus replied, and with that the meeting started.
They met every week, at least once or twice.  
Airakus usually spent most of his time with the older student,s Harry doing better with the
younger ones.  
He watched Luna make a full body patronus.  
He watched Neville complete a spell he had taught him.  
He watched the twins properly disarm one another . 
They were doing it.
Every day , Airakus would wake up from Seamus jumping on him, or Dean pouring water o
him, shower , get dressed, go to breakfast, woof down half the table, stare at Draco, go to
classes, walk to Magical Creatures with the Slytherins, hangout with them in the pumpkin
patch for an hour , head back to the common room, find Seamus, gossip, go to dinner , woof
down some more, and then go to the DA meetings before bed.
He did it everyday . 
It was getting a bit repetitive.
Umbridge assembled her entourage of snakes.  
Draco and Pansy had joined, they were prefects after all.  
Draco had been leading them on wild goose chases, the blonde boy knowing damn well
where the meetings took place given Airakus was (on the side of course) telling Pansy , Dracoand Theo most of what thet were learning, to keep them up to speed with the rest of the
students.
Airakus hadnt been alone with him since after the order meeting.  
The looks and the glances were one thing, but he missed the feeling of his hand on Malfoys,
his lips on Malfoys, just being near him.
December 12th, Airakus was walking to the DA meeting when Draco appeared in the hall in
front of him, wide eyed and seemingly out of breath.
“Airakus get in now they're around the corner!” Draco seethed through gritted teeth as he
shoved Airakus into the Room Of Requirement, falling in after him as the door sealed itself.
The entire room of students went dead silent.  
Malfoy had found them.  
They were properly screwed.
“Malfoy! This isnt what it looks like!” Harry said, standing in between Draco and the rest of
the students, Airakus beside Malfoy , brushing the dirt of f his robes as he helped the blonde
up.
“I bloody well know what it is Potter , just shut up, shes outside!” Draco replied snarkily , the
entire room going silent as they heard the little voice behind the wall.
“I swear I saw Rosier here moments ago! Filch, Knott, go down to the heart hall and look for
the brats! Parkinson, where did Malfoy go?” Umridge asked, her voice shrill and audible
through the magical barrier .
“Dunno, must have found one of them” Pansy replied, her voice more muf fled. 
Draco sighed as they heard footsteps receding from the room.
Harry stood, frozen.
“He stays here until the meetings over , its too dangerous to let him go now” Airakus said
before Harry could tell Malfoy to leave.
 
Harry froze, and nodded slowly as he apprehensive turned around and continued explaining
how to block curses, Hermione staring as Draco held onto Airakus's shoudler for support,
squeezing it as he did so.
She looked away , as if she shouldn't have seen that.
“thanks “ Draco sighed as he stabilized himself, brushing the dirt of f his own robes, taking
off his stupid patrol pin as he shoved it into his pocket with a huf f.
“No, thank you for hiding me you twat, I almost got us all caught!” Airakus mumbled as a
reply , Draco’ s face turning into one of smug pride.“Oh your welcome” He grinned, Airakus flicking him in the side of the head as they walked
forwards into the room, joining the lesson.
The entire room remained of edge as Draco stood apprehensively of f to the side, Airakus
giving him apologetic looks every time their eyes met given he was too occupied with
teaching to go chat with his secret…erm…well…his secret.
“You've just got to keep trying Neville, I cant see why its not working!” Harry sighed as
Neville tried to cast incindeo on a mannequin for the millionth time that day .
“Im trying Harry , I really am!” Neville replied, although he seemed defeated.
Draco, who had been standing of f to the side, found himself oddly close to the pair .
“Twist your wrist not your elbow” He told Neville, Harry and Nev freezing to their spots.
“Wot?” Neville asked, Harry glaring at Malfoy as Draco stepped forwards, taking out his
wand.
“See” Draco said as he flicked his wrist, muttering incideo, casting fire immediately .
“Wrist, not elbow , your moving your whole arm, its in the hand really!” Draco smiled
awkwardly at Neville who nodded, flicking his wand with his wrist, flames blasting from the
end!
 
Neville grinned as he stumbled backwards.
‘Wow! Thanks Malfoy!” He chuckled as he practiced some more, Harry turning to Draco
with an odd look.
“Why'd you do that?” Harry snarled, Draco looking at him bewildered.
“He was doing it wrong, it had nothing to do with his casting, he just needed a correction”
Draco shrugged as a response, harry looking at Neville who was grinning ear to ear .
‘Thanks” Harry said quietly .
“Don't thank me” Draco replied with a huf f as he returned to his awkward stance in the
corner of the room.
After the meeting was over that night, they made Draco go out first to ward of f Umbridge,
successfully avoiding her patrol.
Airakus stood with Harry inside, cleaning up, which was unnecessary given the room did it
for them, but both boys felt the obligation to tidy it.
“So Airakus, about what you said at breakfast a few weeks ago…about Malfoy?” Harry
began, Airakus’ s heart stopping as he continued rolling the dummies back to their spots.“Yea, what about it?” Airakus replied.  
Had Draco said something to Harry?  
What was he about to ask.  
This better not be bad.  
Christmas would be worse for all of them if it was bad.
“Just I agree. Hes getting better , what with hiding us from the patrol and hen he erm…helped
Nev learn Incindeo earlier” Harry said with a chuckle, Airakus pausing, shaking his head as
he snapped back into it.  
He knew Draco was better . 
He knew Draco had always been good.  
But Harry agreeing with him was on another level.
“Yea, he actually shoved me into the room to hide me funny enough. Hes been being way
better , helped me with my transfiguration essay last week in Magical Creatures” Airakus
shrugged.
“You talk to him in class then?” Harry raised an eyebrow , Airakus sighing.
‘Yea were partners for Creatures and Potions, sort of have to I suppose” Airakus replied,
Harry nodding with a tight lipped look of agreement.
“Yea, hes been better , and Luna mentioned something to Ginny about him staying with her
over the summer , something happened with his family I suppose, something to do with...with
Voldemort?” Harry asked.
Ah, his ulterior motive.  
He wanted to know what they had talked about during the meeting.  
Airakus paused.  
He felt less good about what Harry had said about Draco now that he was asking about
Voldemort and the Order . 
It seemed almost as if he had tried to trick AIrkaus into telling him.
Airakus sighed.  
Harry didnt mean to.  
He was just an idiot.
“Yea, yea I visited Luna over the summer , she was freaking out because his father made him
go home. V oldemort's been hiding out there apparently , Dumbledore and Moody are
launching missions there but there's not much we can do.” Airakus explained briefly , leaving
out the fact that Narcissa and Draco werent there.
“Thanks for telling me mate! I really appreciate it” Harry nodded as he clasped Airakus's
shoulder , scaring the werewolf who hadn't been aware of their proximity .
“Course mate, we’re basically brothers” Airakus replied with a scof f.
They walked back to Gryf findor tower dead beside each other , chatting about Ron and
Hermiones hopeless pining, and Draco’ s sudden change of heart (at least towards Harry thatis). 
They were nearly back when Harry stopped walking and turned to AIrakus.
“Airakus I don't mean this in a bad way , but are Seamus and Dean like…erm….” Harry
began, Airakus stopping as well as he sighed.
“Together?” Airakus asked, Harry nodding slowly . 
“No….I don't think so,” Airakus mumbled.
“Just they sort of act like Ron and Hermione sometimes, and well, after that party on
Halloween when you were in the bathroom Seamus landed on Dean for spin the wand or
whatever , and then Seamus refused to do it and then Dean got all awkward and stuf f and then
everyone sort of left because of how weird they were being…” harry explained.
Airakus’ s jaw dropped.  
Seamus motherfucking Finnigan.  
That conniving bitch hadnt told him.
The minute the got into Gryf findor T ower Airakus made an excuse to Harry , Ron and the rest
of the boys before rushing to their dorm, storming to Seamus's bed and tearing his curtains
back.
He saw some things he'd wish he hadn't seen.
Five minutes later Seamus came out of the bathroom red faced and properly clothed.
“What was it you needed to ask me so ur gently?” Seamus asked as he tossed his magazine
back under his bed to its rightful hiding spot.
“Did you and Dean kiss at that Halloween party?!” AIrakus asked, seizing Seamus by his
shoulders and shaking him violently .
“Almost I suppose, landed on him during the bloody game right after you left and he was
gonna do it but I backed away , made a whole scene of it, told everyone I wasn't a bloody fag
and that this game was stupid anyways.” Seamus scof fed.
‘Why didn't you tell me Sea?” Airakus asked as he pulled his best friend into a hug that the
boy apprehensively returned.
“You were so bloody happy about Draco, didnt want to ruin your mood, also, mum wrote me
and told me he was staying at ours for Christmas, wondering if we could still go visit
David?” Seamus asked, Airakus reassuring him that a trip to visit Dave was in order as
promised.
Airakus wasnt sure when his and Remus’ s house had become ‘ours’ but he liked it better . 
He liked that Seamus basically lived with him, and clearly so did Seamus.  
Seamus’ s house in muggle Ireland wasn't always the most welcoming, and he was bloody
horrified of what his dad (wimpy none the less) would say if he knew about Dean.“Just tell me next time something happens like that Sea, I want to make sure your ok”
Airakus sighed as he flopped onto his bed, lighting a cig as Seamus leaned beside him.
“Yea yea ya big poof” Seamus scof fed as he plucked the cigarette from Airakus’ s hand,
taking a hit.
“Oh fuck of f ya faggot” Airakus replied with a chuckle, Seamus rolling his eyes.
Then the dormitory dorm closed.
Airakus couldnt have a minute of peace around here.
“Language boys” Ron scof fed as he chucked a pillow at Airakus who caught it and chucked
it back.
Thank Merlin it hadn't been Dean.  
Who then followed inside with Harry and Neville.
Hence beginning the great pillow fight of 1995.
Chapter End Notes
I NEED DEAMUS T O BE NOW , IDK HOW I LASTED THIS LONG WITHOUT
ANY PROGRESS IN THEIR RELA TIONSHIP!!!!  
Anywho, some Harry being less of an asshole> Im trying to encorperate more of his
book personailty in fifth year>I thought you loved me darling?
Chapter Summary
Day before the moon, DA meeting, rounds with Ron and Draco, an eventful evening in
the astronomy tower and Cho Chang...  
Also (low key smut warning I guess?)
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The last week of school before the holidays came sooner than Airakus had realized.
The moon was on the 20th of December that year , which happened to be the night before they
left for home.  
Perfect timing.  
Thank god.
On Monday morning Airakus went to classes.  
He and Seamus got detention for chucking mud at each other during Herbology , and then
they got points taken away in Potions for apparently ‘distracting each other ’ to which
Airakus had rolled his eyes so violently he thought they might have fallen out.
Care Of Magical Creatures was a handful on Monday , Tuesday and W ednesday . Airakus got
excused from his classwork to help Hagrid deal with the Nif flers for the second years who
had decided to start a rebellion of sorts and refuse to move until Hagrid or Airakus gave them
a present.
By Thursday Airakus was already tired, and given the moon was Friday night, he felt he was
going to die.
He woke up to Neville prodding him with harry;s broomstick, perched on the windowsill as
to have an advantage if Airakus woke up in a bad mood.
They walked down to breakfast together , the rest of their friends having left Nev to the
wolves (unironicly).  
Classes were hard for Airakus that day . 
He could barely focus all morning and got a goblet stuck as a pencil for a good half hour
before he could transfigure it back (Minerva was NOT impressed).
Airakus walked to Potions with Neville, Ron and Dean, Seamus and Harry having rushed
ahead after Hermione moments before.
When they arrived, Airakus took his seat beside Draco who was already there.‘Enjoying your book Malfoy?” Airakus asked Draco who was reading his potions textbook
with utter focus displayed on his face.
“Not really .” Draco replied, Airakus smiling as he sat down, shifting his chair so that their
needs bumped under the table just enough that it seemed accidental to anyone who noticed.
“Fancy a walk after the meetings over tonight? I can rescue you from patrol???” Airakus
grinned as he watched Draco cut the ingredients while AIrkaus aimlessly stirred the potion as
he was told.
“I'm on patrol with W easley again, he might get in the way of your plan and I doubt he'd be
as calm as Granger was.” Draco replied with a smirk, Airakus scof fing as he sat up.
“Whatever do you mean? Ron wont care, I have zero ulterior motives and merely wish to
spend some quality times with one of my mates” Airakus replied in a hushed of fended tone,
sarcasm leaking from his voice.
“Mates ah yes” Draco said as he filled his mouth with air , making a stupid face that continued
to make Airakus laugh, causing heads to turn.
“So, after the meeting, and after your rounds, we can go to the astronomy tower?” Airakus
asked as he let his hand wander to Draco’ s leg, plating the the boys robes as Draco sat up
straighter , ignoring Airakus best he could as he contend to add the ingredients to the potion.
“Yep, yes that's yes!” He said as his face went pink.  
Airakus took his hand away . 
“Ok Blondie” He smirked as he returned to his stirring.
After Potions, and a long and dragged out goodbye to Seamus, Airakus basically ran to catch
up with Pansy , Theo and Draco on the way to Magical Creatures.
He was once again made to help with the Bowtruckles and Nif flers, the Imps just needing fed
and the average things which Draco, Pansy and Theo could do without him (although not
very well).
By the time Airakus arrived at the DA meeting after dinner . 
He was positively sure he was going to die.  
But he couldn't die until after Christmas.  
Because he wanted to see Draco.
They talked about how it was the last meeting before Christmas.  
And how they were going to murder Umbridge.  
And how Neville was doing better with his charms.  
And the moment Airakus was told he could go, he rushed after Ron, determined to get
another free patrol with Draco and his own friends, given Hermione had been being rather
nice to him recently after their little walk.
“Oi W easley!” Airakus yelped after Ron who froze and turned around, sighing when he saw
AIrakus.“Cant hangout, got rounds with bloody Malfoy” Ron groaned, Airakus smirking as he caught
up with his friend.  
Airakus wrapped an arm over Ron’ s shoulder , smiling down at his ginger mate.
“Mind if I tag along? Dont fancy going back to the dorms yet, you can give me detention if
we’re caught!” Airakus grinned, Ron smirking with a nod.  
Anything to get out of alone time with Draco was good enough for Ron W easley . 
God he might have been madder than Harry if he found out.
When Airakus followed Ron around the corner to see Draco in his glory , hair fluf fy as ever ,
robes perfect, his rings all placed perfectly , he nearly dragged him of f to a broom cupboard
right then and there.
“God W easley did you really have to bring one of your rats with you?” Draco seethed as he
saw Airakus come up behind Ron.
Airakus grinned at him, Draco scof fing. 
Airakus clasped Draco’ s shoulder , the boy seemingly taller than usual.
“Wearing lifts?” Airakus asked, Draco scof fing. 
“Shut up” He replied, Ron giving him a strange look as the three boys began walking.
“So, why are you here Rosier?” Draco asked after a few moments of dead awkward silence
(even for Airakus who tended to find most silence stressful rather than awkward).
“Too bored to head back to bed, and besides, got to meet someone later” Airakus replied,
Ron’ s eyebrows shooting up so ungodly fast.
“Who?! Airakus is it the girl from the start of term!!!!!!????” Ron grinned from ear to ear , as
if it was him getting a girlfriend and not Airakus.  
Airakus had meant it as a sly tease to Draco, who would scof f about it and then think about it
all night with a smile on his face.  
Ron wasn't supposed to think.  
He didn't usually do that to much, unless it was necessary . 
In the nicest way possible.  
Because Airakus loved Ron.
“No, there was no girl for the millionth time” Airakus replied with a bit of a groan, Draco
growing silent as he racked his brain.
“Then who's tie was it?” Ron asked, bringing up every thing that Airakus had buried over the
past three months.
Draco sighed.  
There wasn't some other girl.  
It had been him,  
A smug look appeared on his face as he flashed his eyebrows at Airakus in a teasing way . 
Airakus shooting him a glance saying ‘don't you dare’.“I don't know , for the millionth time just drop it mate” Airakus said in a less calm tone than
he had originally meant it to be.  
Ron rolled his eyes as they continued walking in silence.  
For the next hour of rounds nobody spoke.  
Airakus's plan hadnt really worked that well.  
But at least he got an excuse not to do his homework…
Ron eventually rushed of f to meet Hermione to study , leaving Airakus and Draco alone in an
empty corridor near the astronomy tower .
Draco followed Airakus up the stairs, the moment they reached the classroom Draco was
backed up against the wall, Airakus’ s lips on his, the werewolves hands in his hair .
“I love your hair when its like this” Airakus said, his voice raspy . 
Draco’ s skin littered with goosebumps at the sound.
Draco grinned as he pushed Airakus onto the sofa, crawling on top of the boy as he deepened
their kiss, their tongues fighting as Airakus pulled Draco's hips down.
He let out a noise.  
A noise Airakus never imagined Draco Malfoy making.  
He nearly fainted at the sound.
Airakus and Draco were in that tower for a good hour , silently groaning as they slammed
against each other roughly . 
When they were done, their robes weer ruf fled, their pants cleaned with a charm, and both
boys faces were beat red.
Airakus wasn't sure if he had dreamnt the whole thing, and he was positive Seamus would
pop when he found out.
“What was it we came up here for? Draco asked, out of breath and slightly dazed.  
“Star gazing” Airakus replied blankly as he stared at Draco, Draco turning to face him, their
eyes catching.
Draco kissed him softly , slowly , nothing like it had been the past times.
It was dif ferent.  
This was more emotional.  
This was more like the way you kissed your boyfriend.
Airakus nearly froze as the words crossed his mind.  
Boyfriend.  
It sounded odd to call Draco that in his head when it had never been said out loud.  
Just as it sounded odd to call Draco his friend before Malfoy asked if they were properly .
Airakus opened his mouth to ask, but seemingly words werent working as he caught Draco’ s
eye again.“The moons tomorrow , how are you feeling?” Draco asked, Airkaus's mind shifting.  
He was sore all over . 
He had nearly for gotten that he was a W erewolf until that very moment when he smelt his
own blood boiling, the smell of Draco everywhere, all over him.  
He was glad that Seamus wasnt a W erewolf because he would have caught on years ago.  
And he would surely smell the lust more than Airakus would, given it seemed Seamus could
sniff it out without enhances sense.
“Good, great actually , well, not really , everything hurts and I can smell your blood but I'm
good.” Airakus rambled out, Draco’ s face twisting as he bent over laughing.
“You can smell my blood? What does it smell like?” Draco asked, wrinkling his nose bridge
like someone who just smelled something rather distasteful..
“Most blood smells sort of metallic, sorta like melted tar I guess. But Y ours smells, well, sort
of closer to Seamus’ s I guess. Once I get used to certain peoples scents they change a bit,
yours smells more like you I suppose” AIrkaus sighed, not really eager to describe how the
monster lurking under his skin can identify Draco Malfoy from miles away based on the
scent of his blood.
“What do I smell like then?” Draco asked as he looked at Airakus wide eyed as he leaned in
slightly , Airakus mindlessly grabbing his waist as he closed his eyes.
“Like your cologne, like erm…old books, fresh grass after a rainstorm….you just smell like a
priss honestly” Airakus smirked, Draco shoving him playfully as he stood.
“Your a bloody poof Rosier” He scof fed. 
“Oh but I thought you loved me darling” Airakus replied with a phony proper British accent,
making Draco roll his eyes as the two boys stepped out onto the balcony to watch the stars.  
As was the original plan.
When Airakus returned to his dorm he learned some news.  
Harry and Cho had kissed.  
He screamed so loud that he heard Minerva tell him to shut up from her bedroom halfway
across the bloody tower .
“NO W AY!? HOW W AS IT?” Airakus asked, grinning from ear to ear . 
He supposed he understood why his mates were all obsessed with girls and snogging,
because Draco and snogging were a good mix, and Airakus enjoyed it thoroughly . 
Talking about it must be fun too....  
He wished he could do that.
Chapter End Notes
hehehehehehehehehehehehehe  
Ive been waiting to post this chapter for weeks *laughs maniacally*  Anywho, OUR BABIES, DRAIRAKUS??? IDK, ACO? Thats stupid...Drairakus on top
ngl.Train to Wales.
Chapter Summary
The last full moon of 1995, the train, the Slytherins, Hermione, the DA, apparation,
Wales and muggle music.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The moon the next day was horrid.  
Airakus had felt so good.  
So…so good.  
He had wanted to feel that good forever . 
But Puppers had a dif ferent plan.
He had torn his shoulder nearly of f, Madame Pomfrey still nauseous from the sight (and she
was a nurse at bloody Hogwarts).
She fixed it best she could, which to give her the benefit of the doubt was amazing, the entire
shoulder looked as though it had been clawed at by an angry man with a white and pink paint
brush, but he could move it with little (violent) pain.
Airakus could walk, at least, physically he could. It hurt, but he could.  
So he walked to the dorms to find his clothes and his essentials packed neatly in hit trunk, the
other boys frantically throwing their clothes inside their own.
“Who packed my shit?” Airakus asked as he stood in the doorway , immediately being tackled
by each and every one of his dorm mates.
“Shoulder!” Airakus seethed, the boys all sharing ‘oh shit sorrys’ as they hopped of f of him.
“Mione packed your stuf f by the way , still feels wretched about whatever she did” Dean
huffed after a few more apologies.
“Oh…Ill talk to her about it later , she shouldnt still be worried it was months ago” Airakus
scoffed, everyone pausing as they looked at the tall scruf fy boy confused.
“Mate it was just before Halloween…” Harry added, Airakus rolling his eye.
“Yea, months ago, moths plural.” Airakus rolled his eyes, Seamus and Ron chuckling as
Neville stifled a laugh.As Airakus limped his way to the compartment later that day , his patchy thin jacket wrapped
around him tightly , he had an odd sense of fulfillment as he passed the Slytherins
compartment, the four students (Blaise, Theo, pansy and Draco) waving at him cheerfully
before sneering at Harry and Ron who had been behind him.
He had friends.  
Not just average friends.  
Two sets of friends.  
And he had a secret.  
A secret other than Puppers.  
A secret he couldnt tell anyone other than Seamus.  
And although it may have been stressful.  
Airakus took pride in the small details.  
And the fact that Draco Malfoy and him had nearly had sex in the astronomy tower was a
small detail he was proudly not sharing.
Airakus sat down, tossing wrappers at Ron as he ate the load of chocolate Harry had just
boughten them all to share.  
Hermione was fulfilling both hers and Ron's prefect roles given the boy was ‘too tired’ to
check on the first years, so she wouldn't arrive for another hour or so.
“Ill be back, going to check on Mione, feel bad” Ron huf fed after he saw the frizzy haired
girl walk past ur gently for the fifth time, Harry rolling his eyes as he followed to make sure
Ron didn't say something unbearably rude to her .
“Where were you two nights ago? I was so confused, thought it was the full moon till I
checked the calendar in the dorm” Seamus asked the minute Harry had closed the
compartment door .
“With Malfoy” Airakus said through a mouthful of chocolate.
‘Again?” Seamus asked with a grin, as if it was the most exciting thing on the planet.
“Yep” Airakus replied, trying to hide his grin.  
It split his face in half.
“Well…” Seamus said, waving his hands around violently as he tried to get more information
out of AIrkaus.
‘Well we didn't shag but I guess we sort of did?” Airakus chuckled with a wonky smile,
Seamus's jaw falling dead open.
“WHA T?!” He screeched, Airakus kicking him to shut him up.
“Shuddup Sea!” Airakus said as he kicked his best mates feet, Seamus pulling his knees up as
he leaned towards Airakus, grinning ear to ear .
‘Well what did you guys do then?” Seamus asked, Airakus freezing.  
Ah yes, Finnigan and his details.  They were a package deal.  
There was no Seamus without intimate details, and there were no intimate details that
Seamus didn't hear about.
He had been all over it when Harry had kissed Cho, as had Airakus (both boys teasing Harry
to his very wits end over it, still trying to her him to ask her to Hogsmede), and he had been
on top of Neville for the past two years over Luna.
None of the other boys dared to even mention Ron and Hermione around him, it was
dangerous.
“Well, we were well…..” Airakus wasnt sure how to put it, without just telling Seamus,
which he was rather uncomfortable doing.  
Well, telling Seamus wasnt the bad part, he loved telling Seamus stuf f, just talking about
what had happened, it felt weird to mention, but he could ONL Y tell Seamus, so he may as
well go full on.
“We were snogging and he sort of landed on top of me, and I sort of pulled his hips down and
we sort of started erm…well, I dunno, but it was amazing” Airakus grinned, Semaus’ s jaw
wide open.
“You and….oh my god Airakus! No shagging in our room!” Seamus yelped, Airakus scof fing
as he went beat red, the compartment door opening, Luna popping her head in.
“Draco and Pansy need you both” she smiled, Seamus grinning as Airakus groaned, getting
up and following Luna towards the Slytherins compartment, making sure to hide from Harry ,
Ron and Hermione.
“Here you are my lord” Luna teased with a scof f as she sat back down between Blaise and
the window , Draco rolling his eyes as he smirked up at Airakus who stood blocking the
doorway .
“Bloody move you fat arse” Seamus whinged from behind him, going underneath Airakus's
arm as he flopped onto the seat in between Pansy and Blaise, Airakus sighing as he closed the
door and the blinds before sitting in between Draco and Theo.
“Took you bloody long enough, we've been waiting for two hours” Pansies scof fed as
Airakus sat down.
“Ron stayed, left his prefect shit for Hermione” Airakus replied, well aware he had told them
he'd be there an hour prior .
“We did ours already?” Pansy replied.  
“It took like twenty minutes” Draco added, Airakus and Seamus sharing a laugh as the others
suppressed their giggles, trying not to make too much noise.
“So, where are you all of f to for the holidays then?” Theo asked, Airakus sighing."Seamus is coming to mine, as per usual” He supplied, Draco staring at the ground as if he
was guilty about something.  
He wasnt technically supposed to tell Theo, Pansy or Blaise where he was going, because
they were unaware of his mothers involvement in the order .
“Does he every Christmas?” Pansy asked, Airakus scof fing as Seamus grinned.
“Every Christmas, Easter , birthday , summer vacation since we met. I have me own bed!”
Seamus grinned ear to ear , proud of his achievement of moving in with Airakus by complete
accident.
“Doesnt your dad care?” Blaise asked with a raised eyebrow .
“Well he cant really care can he? Given hes dead and all, but no, Remus loves Seamus”
Airakus chuckled, silence flooding the compartment before Luna and Seamus began
laughing, Draco, Pansy and Theo following as Blaise sat red in the face.
They stayed with the Slytherins for around twenty minutes before there was a knock on the
compartment door , Draco who had been right beside it, opening it without a thought as he
laughed at something Pansy had said.
“Are Airakus and Seamus in there?” Hermione asked, catching Draco of f guard as he
slammed the compartment door shut in the girls face.
“Merlin Malfoy” Seamus sighed as he stood, opening the door again to be face to face with
Hermione, her prefect pin shining, Airakus wincing at the sight.  
Silver .
It had been manageable so far that year , given Draco had transfigured his and Pansy's to tin
(Remus had recommended it).  
Ron's also mysteriously appearing tin one morning after the pair had had rounds together , but
Hermione hadn't changed hers yet, and after their ar gument before Halloween Airakus was
slightly nervous to ask her too.
“Ron’ s nearly done his rounds, thought id come tell you two to get back to the compartment”
Hermione squeaked as she caught Pansy’ s eye, looking away with a stifled squeal.
She really was scared of them.
“Thanks Mione, c'mon Airy , better head back” Seamus nodded to his best friend as Hermione
stood in the doorway , not daring to cross the threshold onto enemy land.
Airakus groaned as he stood, clapping Theo’ s shoulder as he did so.  
Seamus hugged Pansy , waved to Theo, nodded at Draco with a wink as he left the
compartment, standing just a bit down the hall as he waited for Airakus and Hermione.
Airakus hugged Luna, promising to write her over the break.  
He hugged Pansy , the girl a good two feet shorter than him by the looks of it.“See you in January Parkinson” Airakus said, Pansy agreeing as she wished him a 'Happy
Christmas'.  
He nodded to Blaise with a ‘happy Christmas mate’ and then turned to face Draco.
He hugged Malfoy , keeping up the act that they wouldnt see each other until January as well.
“Meet me and Seamus at the back of the train once we stop” he muttered into Draco’ s ear,
Draco nodding as he let go, Airakus turning to face Hermione who was glaring at the blonde
boy, murderous rage on her face.
“Lets go” Airakus smiled, waving one final goodbye to the compartment full of Slytherins,
exaggeratedly blowing kisses at Theo and Pansy before closing the sliding door closed
behind him, walking silently with Hermione and Seamus back to the Gryf findors
compartment.
Airakus, Seamus and Hermione sat down in silence, Ron of f finishing his rounds, Harry
following Ron around bored out of his mind.
“So, your friends with them too Seamus?” Hermione asked harmlessly , Airakus letting out a
scoff. 
He had for given Hermione for what happened.  
But they hadn't mentioned it again.  
And he had by no means for gotten what the girl had said.
“Yea, that a problem?” Seamus replied, Hermione shaking her head quickly .
“No not at all. I actually , well I was thinking Airakus should bring Malfoy around to the DA
again. He really helped Neville with that charm, and well, Harry wouldn't shut up about how
he was being nice and all…” Hermione began, Airakus's eyebrows shooting up in surprise.
“You want me to bring Draco to the DA?” Airakus asked, Hermione sighing with a nod.
“Merlin, I really do have great persuasion skills” Airakus smirked, Hermione rolling her eyes
as Seamus chuckled.
 
By the time the train came to a hault, Airkaus was pretty sure he was going to pop with
anticipation.  
The fact that Draco Malfoy was staying at his house hadnt really settled until Airakus saw
him walking towards him, Seamus and Remus at the end of the train in the most suspicious
way possible.
“Good afternoon professor!” Draco smiled, Remus shaking his head with a light chuckle.
“Please call me Remus, I'm growing awfully tired of people calling me professor , makes me
feel old” Remus huf fed, Draco nodding slowly as he looked to Airakus wearily .
“Ill apparate back with Sea then?” Airakus asked, Seamus shaking his head violently .“NO ILL GO WITH REMUS!” He yelped, Airakus scof fing pretending to be of fended as
Draco stood awfully confused.
“Well if you insist” Remus grinned with a laugh as Seamus gripped the mans arm, the two
disappearing with a pop.
“Is he coming back for us then?’ Draco asked, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“No, doesnt need to” Airakus replied, grabbing Draco's hand.  
All the boy could do was blush and look up before the overwhelming sense of apparition
consumed him.
They landed out in the driveway , Airakus's destination of f slightly . 
They were at the back of the house that faced the woods, snow littering their coats, Draco
spluttering as he shook Airakus's hand away coughing.
“You bloody arsehole! Y ou could have W ARNED me!” Draco spluttered out, Airakus
shaking his head as he stifled his laughs.
Draco glared at him, catching sight of the house in his peripheral vision.  
He looked towards the cottage in awe.
“You live here?” Draco asked, eyes glistening as if he was watching the stars.
‘Yea I know , not much, sorry if its small” Airakus replied, suddenly feeling rather aware of
how lar ge Draco's house would be compared to the welsh cottage.
“Oh shuddup Akis its brilliant!” Draco smiled, Airakus rolling his eyes as he opened the door
for Draco.
“AIRAKUS?!” Remus called from the living room.  
“IN HERE! I GOT IT OFF BY A BIT!” Airakus replied as he hung his coat and crossed
through the kitchen to the lounge, Draco following his actions as he looked around, eyes
wide.
“Ah, must've taken Draco by surprise, even Seamus doesn't turn that pale” Remus chuckled,
Airakus rolling his eyes.
‘Hes always this pale” He turned around, to see that the normal colour had been drained from
Draco’ s face.
“Lord, you've never apparated before have you?” Airakus asked, Draco shaking his head.
Airakus was sitting in the lar ge green chair , Remus making more tea as Draco sat on the
couch, his trunk at his feet as he sipped the warm drink cautiously . 
Remus had told Airakus of f for not warning Draco about the apparition, claiming he could
have gotten splinched before he had rushed of f to make the boy some tea.  
He was now back to normal, singing T .Rex from the kitchen as Seamus sat going through the
box of old cassette tapes Sirius had found. 
“Enjoying the view?” Airakus asked as he watched Draco stare out the lar ge windows, facing
the water . 
Draco nodded.
“Never been to a lake other than the one at school, we live in the middle of a bloody field”
Draco chuckled.
“Mate! No way hes got original Electric Light Orchestra AND April W ine in here!” Seamus
grinned as he held up the old cassette and record he had found, Airkaus’ s face lighting up as
he lept of f the chair , kneeling beside Seamus as he inspected the music.
“I didn't even know Pads liked April W ine!” Airakus mumbled to Seamus who scof fed in
response.
Draco was craning his neck in, trying to see what they were talking about.
“Whats that?” Draco asked.
“Oh just old cassettes Sirius gave us, whole shoe box full, and there's some records. Y ou
know April W ine right?” Airakus rambled, Draco sitting, blinking down at Seamus and
Airakus confused as ever .
“Muggle things Airakus, cassettes and records are muggle things” Seamus reminded Airakus
who blinked at him tight lipped before turning to Draco.
“What music do you know?” Airakus asked, Draco pausing to trunk.
“Well erm…wizard classical, beethoven, bauk, and well, whatever you play at school I
suppose” Draco of fered as a response, Airakus and Semaus’ s jaws dropping as they both
stood.
‘Merlin we need to show you so much” Seamus sighed as he collapsed onto the couch beside
Draco, Airakus grinning as Remus returned with the tea.
Chapter End Notes
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP , Chrsitmas 1995 had begun.  
Warning for my posting schedule, I am still currently writing christmas 1995, and am
around 45 pages ahead of the end of this chapter on my google docs.  
My goal is to be atleast 100 pages, or 1 main event ahead so I never run out of things to
post until the fic is done, so I might take a few days to post the next chapter . 
ALSO< SEAMUS AND DEAN, thats all im gonna say ...Boggarts in the basement.
Chapter Summary
Wales, W inter, Mansions and Boggarts.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“So Draco, I'm not sure how much Airakus explained, but this is our house, not headquarters,
there was a bit of an ar gument about where you should stay but after Airakus so kindly
reminded us of your erm….distaste for Harry and the W easleys we decided that here was a
better fit.” Remus explained as he sat down in the arm chair , leaving the three bots to the
couch.
“Puppers, I've transfigured another bed in your room but there isn't any more bloody room so
if anyone else stays here then sharings the only option, especially with the heater being
broken in the attic” Remus remind Airakus who nodded with a smile.
“Thanks Lleuad, ill go show him around now that hes got some colour back” Airakus nodded
to Draco who was seemingly attempting to hide himself away in the couch.
“Alright, I've got to head back to Grimmauld to finish some things up and see the kids, ill be
back later tonight, theres lasagna in the oven” Remus winked at Airakus, and just like that the
man was gone.
Airakus turned to Draco and Seamus who were looking back at him slightly confused and not
sure what to do next.
“A tour then?” Airakus asked, Seamus hopping of f the couch as Draco nodded, placing his
tea down as he followed Airakus up the stairs.
“And this is my room” Airakus said after the full house had been properly explored, minus
Remus’ s room which was of f limits to the boys most of the day .
“Merlin, this is brilliant! Its just like your dorm…” Draco said as he looked around, the room
was crammed full, Airakus’ s bed against the right wall as always, Seamus’ s on the left, and
now Draco’ s stuf fed away at the end of Airkaus's bed, up against the window .
“Sorry about the mess I havent been here since summer , and even then we werent here during
the day” Airakus reminded Draco who just shook his head.
“Dont bother , I know your a slob” He scof fed, Seamus cackling as he dropped his trunk onto
his bed.The boys unpacked, Seamus and Airakus chattering away at the speed of light planning their
break.  
Since the full moon wasn't until the sixth of January and the December one had already
passed Airakus only had to leave a few days early . 
They had 5 days until Christmas, so ice skating, a walk to town to see David and Christmas
shopping were all in order .
“So, what do we do now?” Draco asked as he sat down on his bed which was now fashioned
with a black puf fy comforter and his blue throw blanket and green pillow .
“Whatever we want, Remus and Sirius wont be home until late tonight if they come back at
all, and Davey wont want us walking home in the dark…how about we go show Draco the
old house on the peer Sea? Remus says the boggort from the shed got out and he thinks its
down there!” Airakus grinned, Seamus nodding as he stood, reaching into his half unpacked
trunk to grab his mits and hat.
“Dress warm Malfoy , its cold here” Seamus sighed as Airakus chuckled, smacking Seamus's
arse as he passed him to head downstairs for their coats and boots.
They spent 15 minutes getting ready , Airakus sitting in front of the backdoor tying his old
boots while Seamus rolled around in the snow outside.  
Draco came hobbling out of the kitchen in his normal winter coat from school, the black one
that barely kept him warm.  
His fur hat was average, and good for his ears, his gloves were alright, but his coat wouldnt
work in the negative temperatures.
“Here” Airakus said as he tossed Draco one of his other jackets, a green one to be specific.  
“It'll be warmer , well be out for a few hours” Airakus explained as Draco stood, the jacket in
his hands confused.
“Thanks” He said as he changed jackets, following AIrkaus out of the house to find Seamus
sitting in the small snowbank, a fistful of snow in his mouth.
“Having a snack are we?” Airakus chuckled, Seamus nodding as Draco stifled his laughter .
They marched down the beach, the fastest way to get to the old haunted house in the winter ,
Draco looking out on the flat frozen over lake in awe.
“Its really cool here Akis” Draco mumbled when they were around halfway to the house.
“Yea, I know” Airakus replied, that earned him a handful of snow in his face.
 
The mansion was the same as it had been that summer , only very cold and wet.  
The inside was still partially put together so there wasnt that much snow inside, but it was
still freezing.“What even is this place?” Draco asked as Seamus and Airakus lit their wands to provide
some light.
“Old house, apparently some rich muggles lived here before the first war , got sat abandoned
after they left, nobody wanted to live here because of woods, their magical, got all sorts of
creatures, not to mention the centaurs!” Airakus wiggled his eyebrows, Seamus rolling his
eyes in response as Draco nodded, looking around, eyes as wide as they had been since they
had arrived.
“Yep, and now its haunted, theres at least two ghosts and I swear theres a polter geist but we
cant catch him, we were close last year but Seamus fell through the floor so we had to leave”
Airakus sighed as if Seamus had done it on purpose, Draco freezing as he became aware of
every creek the wooden floorboards made underneath him.
“Wheres that boggort then?” Seamus asked after a rather uneventful hour of chasing one of
the child ghosts about the nursery .
“Dunno, Remus said it might be here, lets check the basement they like the dark eh?” Airakus
asked, Draco and Seamus nodding as they apprehensively followed Airakus into the dingy
cellar .
There it was.  
Airakus smelt it from the staircase, but Draco was in front of the both of them, and there was
no chance he was fast enough to get in the way .
When they got into the basement there he stood.  
Airakus.  
Only he seemed dif ferent.  
It was odd to be looking himself in a mirror , although the boggart wasnt him, it was a
creature.
It was saying something to Draco, sort of like Snape had been in third year when Neville’ s
boggart had been the wretched professor .
Airakus rushed towards Draco, pulling him away from the boggart which quickly changed
form.  
A great big wolf appeared in front of him.  
It was brown and scruf fy, alot like Airakus himself.  
It looked hungry , its eyes yellow and its back hunched in the corner as it whinged in pain.
“Ridiculos” Airakus cast with a shudder….
Chapter End Notes
sad boys... Boggarts can be used for some intersting plot points...  
Also WOOOOP im 105 pages ahead so HERES A CHAPTER!!!!  Im sorry if Ive been using 'eh' alot, Im not trying to feed into stereotypes but im very
Canadian and its pumelled into my writing so hard that I cant shake using it.Quick Resolutions
Chapter Summary
{short chapter} Boggarts, chats, kiss, Neil Perry :(
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The walk back home was silent.  
Seamus was finding hunks of ice to chuck around and smash, having not had time to even see
the bogart before Airakus and Draco had come stalking out of the cellar , Airakus claiming it
hadnt been thee.
Draco was staring at Airakus, he could feel the boys eyes watching him.  
And AIrakus was trudging through the snow , huffy staring at his boots.
He didnt get grumpy often.  
And he wasnt grumpy . 
He was afraid.
Draco’ s boggart was him?  
Was Malfoy really that scared of him?  
His greatest fear hadnt been his father or V oldemort or death, it was Airakus.  
Had Draco not wanted to do anything that night in the Astronomy tower?  
Had Draco not wanted to come there for the holidays?  
Did Malfoy hate him?
His mind was racing a million miles a minute, not giving him a moment to actually think
before they had arrived back at the cottage.
“I've got to take a shower Merlin!” Seamus claimed the minute they got inside, all three boys
shivering cold and damp from the snowfall that had began.
“Ill make hot chocolate” Airakus replied as Seamus ripped of f his coat and hat, darting up the
stairs like a maniac to get to the warm water .
Draco took of f his outdoor clothes and followed Airakus into the kitchen, the tall Gryf findor
starting the kettle as he got out the hot chocolate packets from the cupboard, taking three red
mugs from the sink as he dried them of f.
“Akis, about the boggort..” Draco began, Airakus sighing as he froze up, not knowing how to
argue with Malfoy about this.“I see you erm…I see you only its not you, its you but you hate me, you erm..its you but you
call me some stuf f and then curse me. Its been that since fourth year…theres a boggart at the
manor , my aunt wasnt very pleased when she found out what mine erm..turned into..” Draco
explained, Airakus turning around and grabbing the boys face, kissing him.
“I would never do that! I lo….I…your my….I would never do that” Airakus swore left right
and center , Draco nodding, his face beat red, partially from the cold, and partially from
Airakus.
They kissed again, longer that time, until the kettle began whistling and AIrkaus had to pause
to make the hot chocolate.
When Seamus came downstairs all three boys sat to drink their hot drinks, in their pyjamas,
the tele turned to play Seamus’ s favourite movie.
Draco cried when Neil died as well.
Airakus spent that night staring at his ceiling.  
Nightmares flooded his brain.  
Draco didnt hate him.  
Draco was scared of Airakus rejecting him.  
Draco was scared of Airakus leaving him.  
That was Dracos greatest fear . 
More than the dark lord.  
More than death itself.  
Airakus glanced to the boy who was sleeping so peacefully .
Love, love, love, love.
Chapter End Notes
sorry for the short chapter idk why I seperated it like this, also, low key , Draco's boggart
legit kills me inside, its based of f what Ron sees when they break the locket in the
seventh book, and I think its a grat plot point for some furture angst (if my adhd
remberes to add it).  
Also some Seamus being a king as per usual.  
And some Neil Perry (I cry every time).David Bloody Harring
Chapter Summary
Wales, town, David (our king) and chats of Draco...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day when Airakus woke up the sun wasnt even up yet.  
He was exhausted, but he wanted to go make breakfast for his mates and Remus and Sirius.  
So he attempted to make pancakes, and then watched Seamus do it after the small boy had
found him with a blazing pan.
Draco came hobbling down the stairs wrapped in his dark blue throw blanket an hour later , a
sleepy smile on his face.
Seamus was cooking,Remus and Sirius were asleep.  
Airakus walked into the living room and pecked him on the head.
“Your cute when your sleepy you know that right?” Airakus asked, Draco going beat red as
he scof fed.
“Oh shove of f Rosier” He buried his face in his blanket as Airakus turned on the tele, turning
it to a Christmas special on the muggle channels.
“Every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings!” the little girl on the tv chimed as all three
boys huddled around the fire, pancakes stacked to the ceiling on their plates.
Remus had gotten up, made tea, and disappeared back into his bedroom, seemingly trying to
hold Sirius and Draco’ s introduction of f until after the sun came up.
By the time the sun was fully in the sky , the credits of the original Grinch were rolling and
Draco was sitting with Seamus on the sofa looking at music tapes.
Remus emer ged from his bedroom soon after , two empty mugs and a plate of half eaten food
balanced on his arms, his book in his mouth as he and AIrkaus managed the kitchen like
maniacs, cleaning up in the most un-orderly fashion known to man kind.
“You mind helping me with the tree? Sirius wants to do it all as a family” Remus rolled his
eyes, Airakus laughing with a nod.
“Course we all can, I was thinking bout going into town today to get presents and stuf f, but
not until after lunch” Airakus responded, Remus ruf fling the boys hair with a grateful nod ashe took of f up the stairs towards the attic to search for the tree decorations.
“Wheres he going?” Seamus asked in reference to Remus when AIrkaus returned from the
kitchen.
“Getting the tree decorations, we’re gonna help him this year” Airakus replied, Seamus
nodding as Draco furrowed his eyebrows.
“Tree decorations?” He asked, Airakus grinning.
“Wizards have Christmas trees, there's loads at Hogwarts!” Airakus replied, stifling his
giggles as Draco looked at the tall pine tree sat near the closed porch doors curiously .
“We dont at home, never decorated one before!” Draco mumbled, as if it was a bad thing.  
Airakus assumed it might as well have been a bad thing.  
Decorating the tree had always been one of his favourite holiday activities.  
Remus usually only broke three or four ornaments a year , and Sirius the two years prior had
been adamant about making the star on top of the tree sit perfectly straight.  
Ad they always did it the muggle way , no wands or levitation charms!
Remus returned a few minutes later with a shoebox and a big wooden star with fairy lights
wrapped around it (their star for the tree), a grin plastered on his face.
“Go get Padfoot Aira” Remus nodded to Airakus who hopped of f the couch and rushed into
Remus's bedroom door , sneaking down the little hall until he saw Sirius dead asleep curled
up in human form on the bed.
He jumped on Sirius, the man screaming in shock as he sat up, laughing hysterically when he
saw AIrkaus.
“Merlin you scared me!” He chuckled as he tackled Airakus into a bear hug, the one he
always greeted AIrkaus with.
“Let me guess? Moony sent you in?” He asked, AIrkaus nodding as he turned on the lights.
“Cmon, we’re decorating the tree and Draco’ s never done it before!” Airakus grinned in
response, Sirius furrowing his eyebrows before he smiled widely .
“Hes here then?” He asked, AIrkaus nodding slowly in response as Sirius got out of bed,
tugging on a sweatshirt.  
Airakus left him to get dressed, toppling over the back of the couch with a sigh, landing his
head in Draco’ s lap as Draco chuckled, sipping his hot chocolate that Seamus had made.  
Seamus was sitting on the chair , untangling the tinsel as Remus stood beside the tree,
wrapping it in old lights.
“Morning Moons” Sirius said when he came out of the bedroom.  
He pecked Remus’ s nose, Seamus grinning as Sirius met his eye.
“Finnigan, back again I see?” Sirius asked, Seamus nodding fervently as Sirius gave him a
gruffy hug, alike the one he had given Airakus.  After he and Seamus parted ways, he turned to see Draco sitting, Airakus’ s head in his lap
after the accidental fall onto the couch.
“Well, we’ve yet to meet properly! Im Sirius, Narcissas cousin!” Sirius said as he looked at
Draco curiously .  
He looked a lot like Andromeda, that was something Airakus himself had noticed, but he
shared a lot of features with his father as well, which was clearly giving Sirius mixed
emotions.
“Yes well, I know that, mother always talks about you, especially since we left,” Draco
stuttered, sipping his hot coco.
“Good or bad?” Sirius asked with a smirk.
“Good” Draco replied quickly , nervously .
“Shame, always enjoyed being the misbehaved one of the family” Sirius grinned as he ruf fled
Draco’ s hair .
“Now I suppose you are, if your friends with this lot” Sirius added as he nodded to Airakus
and Seamus who both gave him of fended looks, Draco smiling as he laughed.
They all decorated the tree.  
Sirius insisting on putting the finger painted ornaments that Airakus had made as a child front
and center , Draco and Seamus teasing him about them to no end.  
They only dropped ans shattered four Christmas balls that day , Remus insisting it was Sirius's
fault although he had been the one to drop most of them (Airakus helping him).
When the time came to put the star on top, Airakus took a big step back after he had placed
the wooden shape on the top of the tree.
“Its sideways” Sirius had said, Remus elbowing him in the ribcage.
“It is sideways!” Draco added, staring at Remus and Airakus wide eyed.
“How on earth does it not bother you that its sideways?” He asked, Sirius grinning.
“EXACTL Y MY POINT! HOW DOES IT NOT?” Sirius yelped, Seamus niggling from the
sofa as Airakus rolled his eyes, spending the next half hour shifting the star an inch or two to
the left, and then back, until Sirius got fed up and used his wand.
 
Remus and Sirius headed out to Grimmauld soon after the tree was decorated, leaving the
three boys to an empty house.
At half past 1 1 they made sandwiches, and by noon they were leaving for town.
‘Got your muggle money lads?” Airakus called up the stairs to Draco and Seamus who were
taking awfully long to count their muggle coins Remus had given them.“Yea I think so!” Seamus replied as the pair came toppling down the carpeted staircase, their
boots leaving trails of melted snow as they did so.
“Alright, lets go then” Airakus smiled as he wrapped an arm around Draco’ s shoulder , his
other going round Seamus’ s as they headed into the woods towards town.
“Well if I were an Imp I wouldn't want a bunch of grummy handed little freaks tossing me
about, just sayin!” Seamus scof fed as AIrakus rolled his eyes, the three boys halfway to town.
“Its not our fault Hagrids’ making us play with the little bastards” Draco replied with a sigh,
Seamus nodding in agreement.
“You two” Airakus shook his head with a graon as he hopped of f a fallen tree stump, landing
on his back in a snow pile.
“No wonder Remus keeps complaining about the melted snow , your getting all your clothes
soaked!” Seamus scolded AIrakus who just scof fed.
‘Alright Hermione, its winter , theres going to be snow” He sighed, Seamus laughing breathly
as he chucked a snowball at Airakus's head, Airakus retaliating with a ball of packed snow to
the face.
When they got to town, all three boys were red in the face from the snowball fight, dripping
from the melting ice and now properly cold.
“Time for some shopping, meet back here in an hour Sea!” AIrkaus called after the short boy
who had taken of f down the street towards the art supplies store, to buy something for Dean
of course.
“Yea yea!” Seamus called back as he entered some ink and quill store, Airakus chuckling as
he turned to see Draco standing, unsure of what to do.
‘Lets go to the market, we need some bread for Christmas dinner , and i havent gotten
anything for Mione or the twins yet!” Airakus nodded, Draco smiling as he followed Airakus
down the little path towards the lar ge Christmas market.
Around an hour later , AIrkaus had successfully boughten the twins some muggle card trick
games (that they would hex and then torment the first years with) and Hermione some
muggle poetry books that he would be stealing in a few months to read.
He had also boughten a loaf of cinnamon bread and a box of tarts for Harry and Ron.
Draco had rushed into the antique store, insisting that Airakus wait outside, and emer ged with
a bag that he quickly shrunk and shoved into his pocket, refusing to let Airakus know what he
had boughten.
Airakus had already gotten Draco and Seamus their gifts, well awry that they would find
whatever he bought them in town sooner than they would find prewarpped gifts.He had boughten Seamus a copy of the dead poets society book, although the boy didnt like
to read, he loved the film so much it just made sense.
He had gotten Draco a pair if warmer mittens, given his werent the best and he constantly got
frostbite on his fingers after tips to Hogsmede.  
He had also boughten the boy a new leather notebook with his initials engraved in it, or well,
he had made it for him, having far to little money to buy Draco something nice that wasnt
second hand.
They were all wrapped and under the Christmas tree in the lounge, none of the boys nosy
enough to use a spell to see what was in the boxes.
When Draco and Airakus returned to the fountain at the town center , Seamus was already
there, with a load of boxes and bags, a grin on his face.
“Can we go see David now? Y ou promised!” Seamus whigned the moment Airakus and
Draco were in earshot.
“Course we’re going to see him, I wrote him last night telling him we were coming but I
dunno if he got it.” Airakus replied, Draco gulping as he followed the Gryf findors back away
from the town square, down a dirt road towards the farmers houses.
Seamus stood beside Draco behind Airakus as the tall boy knocked on the farm house door .
Davids mother answered the door as per usual, grinning when she saw him.
“Ah! Airakus, lovely to see you dear! Davids just upstairs in his room, you can just go on
up!” She smiled.  
The three boys entered the house, dropping their coats and boots, along with all the things
they had boughten as Davids mother told Airakus all about the nasty weather they'd been
having.
“Oh how rude of me, who are you friends?” She asked as she smiled to Draco and Seamus.
“This is my mate Seamus, I'm sure Davids mentioned him before!” Airakus told her , the
woman smiling with a nod.  
“The one with the accent and the cut nose if I do recall correctly?” She winked, Seamus
turning a dark shade of red as Draco chuckled.
‘Oh and this is Draco” Airakus said as he nodded to Draco who was stadning beside him.
“Such intriguing names you all have! Draco, pleasure yo meet you! Y ou go to school with
Aira then?” She asked as she shook Dracos hand with a smile.
“Yes mame” Draco replied with a shy nod, still unsure of how to act around muggles.
"This one yours then Airakus?" She winked, glancing between the two boys teasingly . 
"Merlins beard Mrs.Harring" Airakus replied with a sigh.“Awe dont mind me boys, go on upstairs, wont let me trap you boys any longer!” She grinned
to Airakus who nodded as he took of f up the staircase that led to Davids room, Seamus and
Draco behind him apprehensively looking around.
Airakus shoved open Davis bedroom door , tackling David to the ground as the boy screeched
from shock.
“Merlin! NO need you bar ge in like that mate!” David sighed after Airakus had gotten of f of
him.
“Thought wed pay you a visit while we were down here,” Airakus smiled, David furrowing
his eyebrows.
 
“We….” He began, thats when he saw Seamus and Draco.
“Brought my husband I do see! How are you my love?” David winked at Seamus, the boy
going beat red as per usual as he stuttered over his words.
“Ah and who's this one!?” He asked when he saw Draco close the door behind him.
David stood as Airakus sat down on the bed, Seamus sitting on the edge of Davids’ desk as
they watched the muggle boy cross the room to Draco.  
He was far shorter than Draco, being just inbetween Seamus and Airakus's height, although
Draco seemed intimidated by him none the less.
David stood a mere inch away from Draco's face as he inspected the boy .
“Nice one he is, bloody beautiful hair . How do you find these bloody good looking blokes
Aira?” David sighed as he toppled over onto his bed with a sigh, Airakus laying so that their
legs were overlapping.
“Magic” Airakus replied, Seamus and David cracking up as Draco stood still slightly
confused and shocked.
‘Well do sit down pretty boy” David said to Draco after a few minutes of the blonde boy just
standing there.
Draco apprehensively sat down beside Airakus (Relatively close) as David grinned at him.
“Well, guess what?” David asked, Airakus raising an eyebrow in question.
“I've got me enough money to go to St.Brudanses next term! Can you believe that?” David
grinned, Airakus’ s face splitting into a wide smile.
Srt.Brudanses was the nearest boarding school. It was for proper smart kids and when
Airakus and David were younger they would always beg Remus and Mrs.Harring to send
them there.  
But Airakus was a werewolf and David was dirt poor . So David had been going to the church school in town, barely getting an education.  
He was bloody brilliant too which was the sad part.  
He really should be at St.Brudanses on scholarship.
“Thats amazing Davey!” Airakus grinned as he punched his mate playfully , David nodding.
“Now who's this again?” David asked, nodding towards Draco who froze at the sudden
attention.
“Davey this is Draco, Draco, Davey , been my mate since primary school.” Airakus explained,
introducing the two boys.
“Hes a proper posh boy aint he? Got his nails all fancy” David said as he sat up, looking at
Dracos well pampered hands which to be honest, did make him seem rather posh.  
But he was rather posh.  
He was a priss to be honest.
“Yea, suppose he is a posh boy arent ya Blondie?” Airakus chuckled, Draco rolling his eyes
as he turned away from the pair of ruf fians.
Airakus looked at David whos eyes had suddenly gone very wide as if he had figured
something out.
“No way mate! Y ou didnt tell me that he was the situation!” David grinned as he popped up,
Airakus’ s eyes going wide with panic.
He had for gotten all about telling David about Draco, never calling him Draco in the letters
they sent, always Blondie, just laughing about how he didnt know if he fancied him or not.  
David had mentioned it the first time he had met Seamus, but hadn't talked about it in person
since.  
He barely remembered what he had told the boy . 
What details….
Airakus froze.  
He couldnt lie to David.  
It was the situation.
“Erm…yea” Airakus said slowly , Draco and Seamus giving the pair curious looks.
“Well?” David asked, Airakus tilting his head focused.
“Does he bloody know you arsehole?!” David asked, Airakus chuckling slightly nervous that
Draco would catch onto what they were talking about.
“Well erm yea I suppose so we sort of, well, Ill tell you about it later Dave” Airakus
dismissed him, Seamus immediately understanding as he looked at David nodding as he
made a kissy face, David grinning as he let from the bed.
“Unfair! Y ou get a proper snog before I do, this is why i need to go to boarding school!”
David made a mocking tone as Airakus groaned, laying back on the bed as he covered hisface, Seamus and David taunting him as Draco sat confused.
“Wait, who did you snog?” Draco chuckled confused, he seemed scared, as if he was worried
there was someone else.
“Malfoy . I snogged you you bloody imbecile!?” Airakus replied, Draco going beat red as he
began laughing, David and Seamus gripping onto each other for stability as they cackled.
“Oh right.” Draco said with a laugh, Airakus groaning as he gave into the laughter .
They stayed round Davids for a while longer until the sun started setting and the boys
panicked realizing they wouldn't be home before dark.
“Come round after Christmas, ill write you!” Airakus said as he hugged David goodbye, the
boy nodding as he kissed AIrakus;s cheek, something he did quite often.
“Course! Bye Seamus, love you bunches!” He grinned at Seamus who blushed with a nod.
“Oh and nice to meet you Draco,” David began as he took Draco's hand to shake it squeezing
it awfully hard.
“Hurt him I break you.” David grinned, Draco nodding in slight panic as Airakus flipped him
off, wrapping an arm around Draco as he led his friends away from Davey who was waving
at them like a mad man.
“Sorry about him” Airakus said to Draco as they walked awfully close together , Seamus head
of them trying to catch some pixie that was fucking with him.
“Its fine honestly , i'm glad to meet you friends, especially the ones who dont hate me
already” Draco chuckled sadly , Airakus taking his hand in his own as they continued
walking, Seamus none the wiser .
Chapter End Notes
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYY
YYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS i love this chapter . 
Also, my bad if I call Mrs.Harring 'Davids mum' or just 'she' in the following chapters
becuase I compeltely for got to give her a name and didnt gave David a last name until
editing which I do before I post the chapters...  
Also, Ive started working on some of my own creative wrtiing, and am starting a
sotryboard for a fic surrounding Sirius's uncle Alphard...  
Maybe Ill start posting that aswell soon, but this is still my priority . 
THANKYOU FOR ALL THE READS OMG!!! OVER 600 THA TS INSANE!!!!!Spunk?
Chapter Summary
{short chapter} Quick trip to Grimmauld, confusion, and Draco <3
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day Airakus went with Remus and Sirius to the order early in the morning while
Draco and Seamus were still sleeping.
He needed to get some things from the drawing room, books and such, and he wanted to see
Harry and everyone for an hour or so.
When they arrived in the kitchen the entire house was seemingly awake, even though it was
only 6:30 in the bloody morning.
“Airakus! Where've you been mate? W e thought you'd be in and out like you were during the
summer?” Ron asked, the other kids nodding as Harry came tumbling into the room,
greatfully distracting everyone so Airakus didn't have to answer .
 
“Morning Harry!” everyone vaguely chanted, Harry bolting towards Sirius and hugging him.
“Sirius!” He grinned, Airakus pausing.  
Had Sirius not seen Harry yet?  
Had they been avoiding Harry?  
Had they been on missions without telling Airakus?  
Or had Harry been round the W easleys?  
What in bloody hell was going on…
“Airakus merlin! Remus said you were staying in W ales until Christmas?” Harry asked when
Airakus aught the boy in a hug.
“Decided to come round, needed some books from the drawing room i left here anyways”
Airakus shrugged it of f, as if it wasnt odd that Remus had told Harry that.  
Unless Harry had asked it wouldnt make sense to draw attention to it.  
Especially since Harry knew Seamus was with Airakus.
Airakus grabbed his books, and left soon after . 
Harry and Hermione were in some odd stalemate over some things with the DA and Ron was
off with Ginny and Molly getting things for Quidditch.So it was rather strange at Grimmauld, and when Sirius of fered to side apparate with Airakus,
he had the perfect reason to leave.
When he got back to W ales Seamus was awake, sitting in the kitchen with some tea and the
daily prophet like the old geezer he was.
“Mornin Sea, wheres Malfoy?” AIrkaus asked, Seamus nodding towards the staircase.
“Still in bed, whipped from the walk into town yesterday , tried waking him up but he
threatened to stab me” Seamus chuckled, AIrkaus laughing as he sipped Seamus's tea,
earning a kick from the short boy before he bounced of f towards his bedroom to go wake
Draco up.
He crept down the hallway , the sun peering into the corridor from Airakus's lar ge round
windows in his bedroom.  
He glanced inside to see Draco sitting on Airakus’ s bed, nose hidden away in a book, his blue
jumper (which had once belonged to Airakus) covering him up in a little ball.
He was rather adorable like this.
“Seamus said you were sleeping?” Airakus asked as he flopped onto the bed beside Draco,
the Slytherin closing his book with a groan.
“Ruining my peace rosier” Draco sneered jokingly , Airakus smirking.
“I love ruining your peace with my company , makes you mad,” Airakus grinned, Draco
furrowing his eyebrows.
“Your bloody hot when you mad” Airakus smirked as Draco rolled his eyes, trying to hide
the blush covering his face.
“Sea made some tea, I just got back from Grimmauld and I doubt ill go back until Remus
makes me, quite a bore” Airakus yawned sarcastically , Draco rolling his eyes again
(something Airakus was starting to realize the boy did basically every time the opportunity
presented itself).
“Yea, whole lot of them are quite the bore, W easleys and Granger that is, I suppose my
familys tolerable, and Remus is actually sort of nice to be around…” Draco muttered as he
corrected himself.
“You like Remus then? AND SIRIUS?!” Airakus grinned as he sat up straight, Draco
groaning.
“I never said that” He mumbled as a response, Airakus giggling.
“Well I think they like you, Sirius always loves taking in strays, says it was what his entire
life had been” Airakus added, Draco nodding slowly .
“Yea, he reminds me of Pansy quite a lot, they share that spunk” Draco nodded, seemingly
unsure of what word he was looking for .“Spunk?” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes for the millionth time as he shoved Airakus
off the bed.
Chapter End Notes
Sorry for not posting for like four days woooooops, I had this chapter ready in my ao3
tab on my computer and full on left it there to rot for nearly half a week...  
Anyways, THANKYOU FOR THE HITS OML.  
AND SEAMUS FINNIGAN IS A KING  
go follow my tumblr>>>>Christmas 1995/96 pt 1
Chapter Summary
Christmas 1995,, Seamus being a king, Draco and Airakus, Sirius and Remus, Quidditch
Sweaters,,
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus awoke Christmas morning to Seamus jumping on the end of his bed.
“WAKE UP FUCKER WE'VE GOT PRESENTS!” Seamus yelped, Draco groaning as he
covered his ears with his pillow dramatically , Airakus grinning as he lept out of bed, grabbing
his shirt as he raced Seamus down the stairs into the living room.
Remus and Sirius were already up, tea and rolls placed out on the table, the fireplace on as
the sun rose.  
Draco came stumbling down the stairs after them all, rubbing his eyes as he followed Airakus
and Seamus slowly towards the tree.
He apprehensively sat down beside the boys.
Remus handed the boys their gifts, Seamus tearing his apart as he surrounded himself with
his new things.  
He got some books, Quidditch stuf f, posters, a new sweatshirt and some socks from Dobby
who had made it his mission to cover the feet of every Hogwarts student.
Tonks sent some paints and a care of magical creatures book she had found.  
Remus had given AIrkaus a new pair of gloves given his were right broken, along with a
pillow in the shape of a star . 
Sirius had chucked three chocolate bars at his head.  
And Dean, Neville, Harry , Ron and Hermione had all sent individual versions of chocolate
frogs, Hermione sending muggle chocolates which Airakus appreciated greatly .
“From Mary” Remus said as he handed Airakus a package with about a thousand stamps on
it. 
He popped the letter of f the top, ripping it open as he read.
 
Dear Airakus,I heard you made the Quidditch team last year! Hoping for that permanent spot eh boy? I've
sent you some poetry books I'm sure you'll love, along with Sirius’ s old quidditch jumper (if
he tries to take it from you hex him on my behalf) along with James’ s that if its not to much
of a struggle id love for you to give Harry . 
Hope your all doing well...may see you soon!
Lots of love, Aunt Mary <3
 
Airakus grinned as he ripped open the package, pulling Sirius’ s Gryf findor Beater jumper
over his bare chest with a wide smile to Sirius who huf fed as he began laughing.
'Black' was etched across the back, '1975' written on the front in bold yellow lettering.
‘I for got she has all out shit, never did take Mary for a hoarder” Remus sighed as he read the
letter and the postcard attached.
“Want to give Harry his today?” Remus asked Airakus, Airakus nodding as Seamus rambled
about Airy's collection of Quidditch sweatshirts.
 
“Yea how many do you have now mate? Four?!” Seamus scof fed, Remus and Draco laughing
as Sirius furrowed his eyebrows.
“Who's sweatshirts are you stealing Puppers? Y ou only get one?” Sirius asked, Airakus
pausing slightly as he glanced at Draco out the corner of his eye.
"Well erm…Evans old one, mine from the team, yours obviously and I think erm…Malfoys”
Airakus mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck as Draco froze beside him.
“What was that?” Remus asked.
“Malfoys” Airakus said a bit louder .
“Huh? Didnt hear ya?” Sirius asked once more.
“MALFOYS! Merlins beard, your so old, get your hearing checked Black” Airakus scof fed,
Sirius laughing as Remus gave Airakus a pointed look.
“Speaking of me, erm..” Draco interrupted as he stood, rushing towards the tree as he
grabbed a rather lar ge bag from behind Remus.
“I've got some presents for you all actually , to say thank you for letting me stay here..erm,
Professor….erm…Remus and Sirius this ones for you, erm….Seamus…that ones mums….oh
and Akis,” Draco said as he handed everyone their presents, leaving the small box for his
mother in the bag that he pointedly shrunk and shoved into his pocket.“You really didnt need to you sweetheart” Remus added as he nodded at Draco, Sirius
grinning.
“Course he did, hes my bloody nephew , just like me he is, and angel among men!” Sirius
declared as he wrapped his arm around Draco, Draco going red as he chuckled, trying to
squirm away from his cousins tight grasp.
“Angels pushing it” Airakus scof fed, Sirius tossing his stocking at the boy .
“Guide to flames and explosions, how to avoid unwanted fires in YOUR HOME!” Seamus
read the title of the book he was now holding.
“I havent blown ANYTHING up since October alright mate?” Seamus chuckled as he hit
Draco with the book, Draco smirking as he suppressed a laugh, Airakus grinning as he
watched the two interact.
Seamus, his best friend, was messing about with Draco.  
Draco his…his….just his.
“Merlin, how did you bloody know!?” Remus grinned as he held the record in the air ,
examining it.
“Wot is it?” Sirius asked as he scooted back towards Remus, looking down at the record
casing with a grin.
“Spiders from mars, you bleeding bastard! This kids a psychic I swear!” Sirius grinned.
“Noticed Airy took your copy , thought id get one for you as a thank you for teaching me
more than bloody Umbridge even will” Draco chuckled, Remus grinned as he turned to
Sirius.
“Scrap Angel, this kids a god.” He smirked, Sirius smiling as he leapt, rushing into the
kitchen to handle the whistling kettle.
They had left the stove on.
“Mooney! Its overflowing again!” Sirius called after a few moments of listening to the man
clatter around in the kitchen.  
Remus sighed as he stood, leaving the three boys to go help his toddler like husband fix the
bloody muggle stove.
Airakus looked down at the box in his hand.  
It was rather lar ge, it could have been anything.  
He turned to Draco who was sitting across from him and Seamus on the floor , the Christmas
tree and snowy porch behind him, quite the nice view .
“What is it?” Airakus asked, Draco shrugging.  
“Just open it you twat” He replied with a chuckle, Seamus peering over Airakus's shoulder as
he carefully opened the package.It was a copy of Othello, Airakus’ s favorite Shakesphere novel, along with a few pictures.
One was of Pansy chucking snow at AIrakus and Theo that Draco had taken on Ariakus’ s
Polaroid camera earlier that term.  
Another was of Airakus and Seamus sitting in the windowsill of the upstairs corridor
smoking, another one that Draco had captured.  
The last was of Airakus and Draco during a day of studying in the back corner of the library ,
Pansy having taken the photo of the two of them, Draco reading, glaring at the camera while
Airakus sat, his head propped up on his hand as he watched Draco, their legs touching under
the table.
Airakus grinned.  
“You bloody prick” Airakus grinned as he ruf fled Draco’ s hair , handing the blonde boy a
small box.
Draco opened it, grinning at the box and fluf fy green mittens.  
“Your the bloody prick, buying me mittens?” Draco retaliated, Seamus interrupting them as
he leapt across the floor to see what Draco had gotten, complaining that he only got a book
and no mittens to which AIrkaus said that his mittens were perfectly fine.
They stayed in the lounge, with the extremely hot tea that was the result of the very over
heated kettle water . 
By lunch Airakus was positive he may never have to go to Grimmauld, he knew they were
going there for a few hours, perhaps for tea, and that Narcissa was going to come back with
them for dinner . 
But Remus hadn't said anything yet.  
So Airakus was holding it out.  
Because he was enjoying reading his Shakesphere, laying on the couch, his hand discretely
connected with Malfoy's under the blanket, Seamus bounding a ball of f the opposite wall as
he sat on the couch mindlessly watching the Chsrimas special.  
He didnt want to go explain to Harry who he got James’ s jersey from.  
He didnt want to go lie to everyone about what he had been doing.  
He didnt want to go.
“Ready to head out boys? I promised Molly me and Sirius would help cook given we arent
staying for dinner!” Remus said, his lips squeezing together when he saw the three boys on
the couch so calm.
“Yea I guess we ought to” Airakus said as he leapt of f the couch, Seamus snapping back into
reality as he too stood, grabbing his sweatshirt as he handed Airakus the jersey for Harry .
Airakus paused as he apprehensively looked at Remus, then back to James’ s jersey .
He should tell Harry , about his wand and the pictures, about the mirror on his bedside table
and about the identical one that sat in the base of his trunk, the one he planned to give to
harry .
He rushed upstairs, returning moments later with an old shoebox full of pictures,shoving the
sweatshirt into the box as he stuf fed it under his arm, turning to Remus.“Yep, ready” Airakus said, Draco sitting on the couch sipping his tea as he watched whatever
movie had just started.
“You alright on your own until tonight Draco? If you need us just floo to the upstairs drawing
room and send Kreacher” Sirius nodded as he appeared in the doorway , tossing the boys their
jackets as they stood in the lounge, Draco wrapped in his throw blanket, his blue hoodie, his
Christmas presents from his mom and Airakus beside him as he nodded quickly .
“Im sure Ill be alright!” Draco reminded the four who all stood apprehensively , nobody
wanting to leave Draco alone on Christmas day .
“Well have dinner with turkey and ham tonight with Cissy! I promise!” Sirius grinned as he
ruffled Draco’ s hair , popping out of the living room as Seamus lept for Remus, avoiding
Airakus’ s grasp as he did so.
Another pop and Airakus was stood alone, Draco infront of him.
“Be back soon Blondie” He grinned with another pop, and then Malfoy was alone.
‘Finally” He sighed as he turned up the tele, settling into the couch.
Chapter End Notes
I have to go back and edit alot of this, so Im sorry if the grammars not the greatest, but
ive tried very hard to get some more things to add for fifth year given the characters that
are the mains (Semaus, Airakus, Draco, Dean) are EXTREME background charactes, or
would be in Airakus's situation, for fifth year , so im trying to make out alot of my own
plot given its changed quite a bit from the original series from here onwards.Christmas 1995/96 pt 2
Chapter Summary
Christmas dinner with the whole family . Sirius Black, Seamus's stories and Oliver
bloody W ood.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus appeared in the entrance hall of number twelve Grimmauld place with snow dust
covering his shoulders.  
He shivered from the cold of the old house as he reached to take of f his coat, being tackled by
gingers before he could take his arm out of his sleeve.
“Happy Christmas Airy!!!” Ginny grinned as she let go of him, turning to Seamus as she
hugged him warmly . 
She had become more mature over the past year or two, now in her forth year of Hogwarts.  
Airakus hoped she still didnt fancy him like she had when she was little, because that was a
conversation he was rather not excited to have.
The twins appeared in the doorway , both of them having passed their apparition test and now
able to pop about the house without Molly scolding them.
Harry , Ron and Hermione eventually came downstairs with grins on their faces as the kids all
took of f to the lounge to waste some time while Remus and Sirius went to help Molly make
their dinner .
“So lads, hows the break been?” Ron asked, Seamus sighing as he tackled Fred onto the
couch in a ruf fian battle for the pillow .
“Good good, went and saw Davey , he says hi by the way Mione” Airakus added, Hermione
smiling as she sat down in the armchair closest to the fire, Ron following her like a lost dog
as Airakus, Harry and Ginny sat on the other couch, leaving Seamus and the twins to their
war over the pillow .
 
“You staying for dinner?” Harry asked with a smile, Airakus giving the boy a tight lipped
sympathetic smile as he shook his head.
“Erm..nope, T onks and everyone are coming round to ours, first proper Christmas with my
actual family in a long time so, shame we cant all be here but I'm sure well managesomething for new years!” Airakus grinned, Harry’ s attitude changing when Airakus
mentioned the new years idea although it was an empty promise.
They played some wizards chess, and bullied Ginny for being short for a while before she
threatened to hex them all with jelly legs (which she was rather good at) which led them to all
shut up.
Soon enough Molly called the twins, Hermione and Ginny down to help set the table, leaving
Seamus, Harry , Ron and Airakus upstairs alone.
Airakus glanced at Seamus who nodded, taking a breath he grabbed the box from the floor .
“Eh potter , come with me, gotta give you your present!” Airakus smiled, Harry’ s eyebrows
shooting up as he rushed after Airakus.  
They walked until they had reached the end of the little hallways upstairs where the window
seat was.
Airakus opened the box and handed Harry the Gryf findor Jersey , pushing the box of
photographs towards him.
“Whats all this Airakus?” Harry asked, furrowing his eyebrows.
“Your dads things, my erm..our aunt Mary sent me his and Sirius’ s jerseys for us, asked me to
give it to you, so i grabbed some of the old things I've been meaning to give you before we
left..” Airakus explained, Harry holding the sweater in his lap as he held a few pictures up.
“I knew they were friends and all, but i never knew ..” Harry said as he looked at the
photographs, the ones of Peter , Remus, Sirius and James all sitting in the common room
together . 
Airakus had a few copies of these pictures, not willing to take a memory away from Remus
just for Harry;s sake, but he still couldn't bare that his best friend didnt know what his dad
was like.
There was a particular photograph that Airakus had been apprehensive about putting in the
box. 
One of Sirius, Remus, Regulus, Evan, Barty and James all at the Potters over Christmas
during their sixth year of school.  
It had been the year when Sirius and Remus’ s relationship had became more public, to their
fiends knowledge, Barty and Evan had been going out for years.  
Regulus and James were sat together at the center of the sofa, a grin on James's face, his arm
around Regulus’ s waist.  
Regulus died a few months after this photograph had been taken.  
Dark mark forced onto him.  
James leaving him.
James and Lily had gotten together , and gotten married.  
They had been happy . 
James had loved Harry’ s mom with all his heart.  
But his heart had a lot of love, and most of it had once belonged to Sirius's younger brother .“Who's that?” Harry asked, pointing at Regulus, Evan and Barty who had been on the left of
the photo,
“Well that's my dad” Airakus added as he pointed at the dirty blonde haired boy who
resemble a rat, Harry nodding slowly . 
“That's Barty Crouch Jr , the one who tried to murder us, and that's Regulus, Sirius’ s younger
brother ,” Airakus said.  
Harry stared down at the photograph oddly .
“Are they all erm…well…erm…” Harry began, his eyes wide as he nodded his head trying to
get Airakus to say it for him.
“Pretty sure. I mean my father and Barty were basically married, and Remus and Sirius
well…erm, I’m not sure if they've told you yet but you know” Airakus sighed, Harry
nodding.
“Sirius erm…he mentioned it a few days ago, I didnt ask about it though I just walked in on
them snogging is all!” Harry joked, Airakus chuckling.
“That's my dad right?” Harry asked, Airakus pausing as he nodded.  
The thought of not recognizing your parents was a foreign one to Airakus.  
He remembered Evan, what he looked like, what he sounded like.  
Harry didn't remember a thing about James.
“He and Sirius’ s brother we erm…” Harry began, Airakus nodding slowly . 
“Only for a bit though, he erm, Reg and all them were death eaters and all, this was before
that all happened though” Airakus added pointedly , Harry nodding as he continued looking
through the box.
They sat in silence for a good ten minutes, Harry running his hands over all the photos of his
parents, of Sirius and Remus, of him as a kid.
“Harry erm..you know my wand used to be your dads right?” Airakus asked, harry looking
up with a curios look.
“No I didn't know that” He replied, Airakus nodding as he handed Harry his wand.
“A lot of my stuf f belonged to them, and well, yea erm…I've been meaning to tell you Harry
I swear i have just I didn't want me to be the one to tell you about Remus and Sirius” Airakus
explained himself, Harry’ s face splitting into a grin as he looked up.
“Wait! If our godfathers are married then that makes us godbrothers!!!” Harry exclaimed,
Airakus furrowing his eyebrows.
“I'm not sure that's a thing,”  
“Oh fuck of f” 
“Alright alright sorry”“Brothers?” Harry asked, the box of pictures in between them a beacon to Airakus.  
“Brothers” Airakus grinned as he clasped Harry’ s shoulder firmly .
Soon after Harry had gone and hid the box away in his room, Airakus rushed to find Remus.
“I told him” He said out of breath to Remus, Sirius and Molly and Arthur who were all in the
kitchen.
“Is everything alright?” Remus asked, Airbus grinning.  
“Its brilliant!” Airakus replied, Remus smiling sweetly as he ruf fled Airakus's hair .
“Go find Seamus and Cissy so we can head back soon, dont want to keep Draco waiting up to
long” Remus nodded to Airakus who turned and rushed back up the stairs to where he had
left Seamus.
He instead found Bill and charlie, got sidetracked and half an hour later landed himself being
called downstairs by Sirius who was standing with Seamus, Remus and Narcissa.
“There he is! Where've you been?” Sirius asked, Airakus pointing at Bill and Charlie with an
angry glare.
“They locked me in the closet with Uncle Alphard and he wouldn't stop reciting hamlet at me
again.” Airakus groaned, Bill laughing as he gave Airakus a noogy , the tall boy squirming
away from the W easley as he rushed to grab Sirius to side ap[arate.
When he landed in the living room Draco wasn't there, so he kicked of f his boots and tossed
his coat onto the floor before dashing upstairs.
“No tour? No thanks for the apparate? Nothing” Remus scof fed sarcastically , Narsicca
laughing as Sirius grinned.
“Oh don't be silly Remus, hes sweet as a tart, he just needs to go change id bet, tired of
smelling like that old house” Narsicca and Sirius shared a shiver , Seamus rolled his eyes.
“He’ s fine, just wants to go see the blonde one” Seamus mumbled tiredly as he collapsed face
first onto the couch with a sigh, the three adults cracking up as they headed towards the
kitchen.
Airakus opened his bedroom door to find Draco sitting in the window seat, his wand out as
he cast a few small firework charms.  
Airakus and Seamus did those charms when they were bored out of their bloody minds.
Airakus tackled Draco onto the seat grinning when Draco kissed him as a response.
“Hullo” Draco smiled, Airakus blushing as he cleared his throat, getting of f his erm….Draco,
as he took of f his shirt, changing into his green button up that Remus had told him to wear for
dinner (Seamus had a Blue one waiting for him).
“Hi! Y our Mums downstairs, we’re going to get dinner started and the rest of the party ready
before everyone gets here.” Airakus explained as he fixed his hair in the small mirror near hisbed, Draco smiling as he stood, his white shirt and black pants making him look like a prince
among men.
“Who's all coming for dinner?” Draco asked nervously , Airakus taking a minute to think.
“Us obviously , Remus, Sirius, your mum, T onks, Minnie and Poppy , Percy and Oliver ,
erm…..Fiona, thats Seamus’ s mum, oh and Moody” Airakus nodded, Draco staring at him
with wide eyes.
“And they all know I'm here?” He asked.
“Pfffft, no, its a surprise” He grinned as he poked Draco in the hip, the Slytherin pausing
slightly nervously .
“Suprise?” Draco asked.  
“Bloody good surprise, its you after all!” Airakus grinned, the blonde boy staring after
Airakus as the he disappeared back downstairs with Seamus's dress shirt in hand.
The doorbell rang around an hour later after the boys had set the table.  
Narcissa and Draco had been sitting in the kitchen mashing potatoes, Remus at the stove,
Sirius cleaning mugs from that morning that they had left while Seamus and Airakus had
been trying to keep the fire going without their wands which Remus had promptly taken after
the eighth firework had gone of f in the dining room.
‘I GOT IT!” Airakus called as he rushed through the kitchen, Seamus tripping after him as
Draco stood, following the two boys towards the door . 
Airakus swung it open to reveal Nymphadora T onks in all her glory .
“Afternoon Puppers, Seamus” She nodded at the pair as she hugged AIrkaus, entering the
house.  
Seamus took her jacket, hanging it u beside theirs as she took her boots of f. 
Thats when she saw Draco standing in the doorway .
“No bloody way!?” She grinned.  
Narsicca appeared behind him seconds later , reacting to her nieces voice with a grin.
“Nympha!” She smiled, T onks grinning as she hugged Narcissa tightly . 
“I didnt know you two left!” T onks exclaimed as she let go of her aunt, squeezing a confused
Draco with a grin plastered on her face.
‘Erm…who..who are you?” he asked with a chuckle, looking from his mom, to Airakus and
Seamus, back to T onks.
“You remember Andromeda's daughter? Y our cousin Nymphadora!?” Narsicca asked, Dracos
face forming an O as T onks and Narsicca walked into the kitchen, Remus and Sirius greeting
her with hugs and kisses.
The boys returned to the living room, Draco too afraid of what horrid baby pictures his
cousin had of him had chosen to go with them and cast incindeo on the fireplace for them sothey could stop fussing over it.
A few minutes later the doorbell rang again, the same race to the door , and same introduction.
“Sea!” Fiona grinned as she hugged her son.  
Seamus froze up a bit when he didn't see his dad.
“What do they feed you boy?” Fiona laughed as she side hugged AIrkaus, turning towards
the kitchen to see Draco.
“Ah Cissys boy , pleasure” She nodded before taking of f to enter the kitchen, the same rounds
of hellos and cheers of welcome coming from the adults as Fiona appeared in the doorway .
“I thought your dad was coming?” Airakus asked.  
“So did I” Seamus replied as they walked back to the lounge, Seamus choosing to lead them
through the dining room that time.
Around an hour went by , the boys had begun teaching Draco to play muggle chess when the
bell rang again.
‘Oh! AIrkaus I think its Poppy!” Remus grinned, Airakus bottling to the door .
“Airakus! Mr .Finnigan! AH, my mischievousness boys, how are we?!” Madame Pomfrey
grinned as she stepped inside the house, Minerva appearing in the doorway behind her as she
wiped the snow of f of Poppy’ s shoulders.
“Pop, your dragging snow all about the doorway , poor Remus'll have to sweep it up” Minnie
tsskkkted, Poppy scof fing as she hugged AIrkaus and Seamus.
They both paused in their tracks when they saw Draco.  
It was an odd thing after all.  
Minerva hadn't been at the meeting discussing where he'd stay for Christmas, so she was
shocked to see him here, but she knew that Narcissa and him had joined the order . 
Pomfrey was none the wiser .
“My lord Draco hun you scared me! Happy Christmas dear how have you been?” Poppy
grinned, Draco giving Airakus a panicked look.  
He clearly hadn't expected to see his teachers over the holidays.
“Madame Pomfrey! Professor! Great! I've been great! How have you been?” Draco asked as
he apprehensively hugged his transfiguration professor .
“Sweetheart, now look who's dragging the snow?” Poppy asked Minnie who gave her a
squeaky scof f as she took her boots of f and tossed them to Airakus who caught them and put
them down with the others.
“Sorry Dear , we can catch up later on, I need a drink” Minerva sighed to Draco.
“Shes been nagging my arse all night” Mcgonagol mumbled to Draco who went beat red as
his professor walked into the kitchen, Poppy sighing as she followed her , patting Draco asshe passed.
“Are they erm…” Draco began as they settled back onto the couch moments later .
“Married, yep, bloody menaces, that's why we love them so much. I hadn't even met Minerva
until I started school, but they're basically my grandmothers,” Airakus groaned as he layed
his head on Draco’ s lap, Seamus appearing in the doorway from the kitchen, his hair all
messed up.
“I never thought Madame Pomfrey would try and fix my hair before tonight,” He said as he
with a snicker as he returned to his spot on the end of the couch.
“Do you think they'll mention this? When were back at school?” Draco asked as he stared
towards the kitchen, listening for the doorbell to ring.
“No, they wouldn't. Minervas in the order , she knows why your here” Airakus explained,
Draco nodding, their conversation interrupted by the doorbell once more.
“Hey fucker” Oliver grinned to Airakus when the tall boy opened the door , Airakus tackling
Percy and him into a bear hug.
“Seamus! Make the team yet?” Oliver asked as he came inside, Seamus scof fing as he rolled
his eyes.  
“Yea, once I can catch the quaf fle without shutting my bloody eyes.” He groaned, Oliver
clapping his shoulder sympathetically as Percy handed Airakus a bowl of Mrs.W oods famous
potato salad.
“She made us bring that” Oliver said as Airakus levitated the bowl into the kitchen.
“Carrying its AL WAYS AN OPTION!” Remus yelped as he caught the bowl from the
doorway , nodding to the pair as he dashed back into the yellow painted room full of already
drinking adults.
“Oh, hello Draco!” Percy said, caught of f guard when he caught the blonde boy in the
doorway .
Oliver whipped his head sound, properly aware of who Draco Malfoy was.  
He had gone to school with him, and unlike Percy , had dealt with his behavior in first and
second year first hand.  
Oliver had already left when Airakus arrived, but he knew Malfoy already .
“Percy? I assumed you'd be with your family ..” Draco began, Airakus freezing up.  
He had said earlier that Percy and Oliver were coming, he had assumed Draco would
understand who those people were, and that they were there together . 
Clearly not.
“Got abandoned by my family , been stayin with Ollie, spending holidays here” Percy smiled
as he pat Draco’ s shoulder , turning as he walked into the kitchen.  
He had been less of a prat since moving in with Oliver . Airakus was proud.  
Bill and Charlie had finally rubbed of f on him.
“Airakus, a word?” Oliver asked, Airakus nodding as he and Oliver walked into the nearest
door. 
The broom cupboard.
“Whys he here?” Oliver asked, Airakus standing, staring at the man like he was an idiot.
“Hes erm…a friend?” Airakus said, sounding confused as ever . 
“Yea right, I knew his mother was coming, but Malfoy really? Id assumed he'd hate you, I
mean if hes as bad as he was when he was twelve hell be calling me and Perc slurs before
dinners ready” Oliver scof fed, Airakus shaking his head.
“No Oliver hes not like that anymore, hes a close friend” Airakus said, his eyes widening as
he looking at Oliver W ood trying to telepathically tell this boy that Draco was lovely and in a
erm..situation, with a Airakus himself.
“Close like….no bloody way you bagged a Malfoy you arsehole?!” Oliver said, a grin
appearing on his face.
“Remus doesn't know , nobody does! Other than Seamus and I think Poppy…” Airakus said
getting side tracked.
“I wont say a word to anybody other than the two of you I promise, just merlin, he must be
better if hes your boyfriend Airakus, or else you need to raise your standard” Oliver
chuckled, but before Airakus could explain that Draco wasnt his boyfriend Oliver was gone,
out of the closet (no pun intended) leaving the entrance room after a wink to Draco who
stared in utter confusion.
 
“What in bloody hell was that about?” Seamus chuckled airily . 
“Wood is now under the impression that Draco and I are boyfriends….” Airakus said,
Draco’ s eyes going wide as he snapped his head round from the doorway where he stood.
The three stood in silence before Remus called for Airakus to come to help with the stove
(which was old and wouldnt light) Seamus and Draco following him like lost dogs.
“So, Seamus, finish your essay yet?” Minerva asked as Seamus and Draco stood side by side
in the doorway that led to the lounge, Airakus's head in the stove as he tried to help Remus
light it, their magic not aiding the ancient relic like stove.
Seamus went beat red as he glanced from his professor , to his mother , to Draco, to Remus
and then back to his professor .
“Of course I did!” Seamus nodded, Minnie rolling her eyes as Poppy giggled, hitting her
playfully .“Oh Min, leave them be, its Christmas for merlins sake” Poppy scof fed as she sipped her
drink again, the medi witch becoming tipsy already .
Airakus fixed the stove, Remus praising him which led to Oliver and Sirius carrying him
about the small kitchen like mad men.
Airakus, Draco and Seamus sat in the stairwell playing cards, Remus calling the boys every
few minutes to help with something or carry something to the dining room.
Around an hour later , Airakus was taking his seat in between Seamus and Draco for dinner . 
Christmas dinner . 
Between Seamus and Draco.  
Between his best mate and..and his Draco.
Remus sat across from him, Sirius to his left, Oliver to his right, Percy beside Oliver , Minnie
at the end of the table, Poppy across from Percy , Tonks in between Poppy and Seamus.  
The other end of the table was more barren, Narcissa and Fionna sitting side by side to
Sirius’ s left, the seat beside Draco empty .
Moody hadn't arrived yet.  
But it was getting late.  
So they poured drinks and took their seats anyways.
The adults started chatting about Nymphadoras boyfriend, who Airakus learned was a man
named R yan, apparently Gideon or Garion, whatever the last ones name had been, had
disappeared last year without a word.
Airakus had a nagging feeling there was more to that story , but he ignored it when Sirius
dropped his fork, crawling under the table as everyone made giggly comments about how
silly he was.  
When Sirius returned to his seat, his eyes met Airakus’ s. 
It was then that Airakus realized what he had been mindlessly doing, something he did under
the desks in class most often.
His and Draco’ s legs were bumping into each others, their feet on top of each others as per
usual.  
Sirius had seen them.  
Well. 
This wasn't good.
Sirius cleared his throat as he turned everyone's attention towards Airakus.  
Great.  
He had chosen silent torture.  
Brilliant.  
Just brilliant.
“Airakus, tell them the story about the haunted house, when Seamus fell through” Sirius
grinned, Airakus's shoulders dropping in relief as Seamus grinned, both boys hopping at the
opportunity to explain their idiotic behavior .“And then he fell through the bloody floor and Dean grabbed him and caught the back of his
coat before he fell all the way into the celler!” Airakus chuckles, Seamus nodding as he
tugged the sleeve of his jumper up to show a small scar that led from his elbow down to his
wrist.
“And I've got this to prooove it” He grinned, Remus and Airakus glancing at each other
before someone else echo their thoughts aloud for them.
“I think the Lupins got you beat there Finnigan” Moody huf fed from the doorway as he took
the seat at the end of the table, nearest to Draco and Narcissa.
“Bout time yous showed up Mad Eye” Percy commented, Moody smirking at him with raised
eyebrows.
“Oh shove of f Weasley” He muttered, everyone chuckling, other than Draco and Seamus who
were both relatively confused (and for Draco scared).
They were both missing two key points of information.  
One, that Percy and Oliver were in the order after all, they just didnt go round Grimmaud
because of that whole drama with the W easleys.  
And T wo, Moody was hilarious, he was just stubborn and introverted as shit.
“So, why are you late?” Minerva asked, glaring across the table at Mad Eye, Remus resting
his head in his hands as he prepared for them to ar gue.
“Had to go round Grimmauld, needed somethin” He said gruf fly, handing Airakus a
chocolate bar . 
“Split it with Lupin, unless you've got some girlfriend to give it to” Moody winked, Minerva
tutting with a sigh from across the table as AIrakus nodded with a laugh, ignoring the glance
Sirius gave him.
Airakus sat, eating his turkey , watching Sirius with complete panic in his throat.  
Every time he got distracted by Moody or Oliver or Remus asking him something, or
mentioning his name, Sirius would clear his throat and bring the boys attention back to him.  
It was starting to slightly scare him.
“So, Mr .Malfoy , hows break been then?” Minnie asked after around an hour of dinner . 
Airakus and Remus were still both going at it, along with Moody who had arrive late and
Seamus who was hungry as a boar .
“Good” Draco relied, pink in the face when he realised that the entire table was staring at him
other than Airakus and Seamus who were whispering to each other and laughing.
Until Airakus realised everyone had gone quiet.  
He sat up straightener and looked at Draco, clapping his hand to Draco’ s shoulder , wrapping
his arm around the boy with a grin.
“Its been brilliant Minnie! W e’ve corrupted him!” Airakus grinned as Draco scof fed, rolling
his eyes as he mixed his mashed potatoes around his plate.“I find that hard to believe” Minerva replied with a chuckle, Narcissa smiling to Sirius and
Remus, Remus smiling back as Sirius watched the pair , eyes trapped on Airakus’ s arm.
He dropped his hand from Draco’ s shoulder , returning it to his plate as he continued eating,
Draco doing the same as Minerva chatted with Malfoy about the break so far , and what things
they had been doing.
Draco apprehensive talked about the haunted house, the day to town, then he mentioned
David.
“Oh yea, we met Aira’ s friend Dave, hes really , erm…welcoming?” Draco chuckled through
a smile, Airakus and Seamus laughing as they nodded.
“You went to see David? Is that why you took so long?” Remus asked, Airakus nodding.  
“Yea, bloody idiot wouldnt let us leave” Airakus rolled his eyes, sitting up straighter after
Poppy had snapped at him for swearing.
“Needed to see Seamus longer I suppose” Airakus elbowed Seamus who rolled his eyes with
a scof f, Draco, Remus and Airakus laughing slightly as Fionna gave Seamus an odd look.
“Are you and this David friends then?” She asked, Seamus shrugging.  
“Yea, hes cool” Seamus replied, his mom nodding with raised eyebrows.
“Not like THA T mom NO!” Seamus replied when he saw the smug look on his mothers face,
Fionna chuckling as she put her hands up in defence.
“I didnt mean it like that Seamus I promise!” She chuckled, the other adults laughing, along
with Airakus and Draco as Seamus groaned, stuf fing a bun into his mouth to shut himself up.
“Its not like that at all Mrs.Finnigan I promise you” Airakus said for Seamus who nodded
with a huf f, Fiona chuckling as Sirius stood with a smile.
“Who wants some desert?” He asked, Minnie sitting up straighter at the mention of sweets,
along with the children (tonks included).
 
“Airakus, help me carry everything out?” Sirius asked, Airakus nodding as he stood,
following Sirius into the kitchen as Remus and Narcissa cleared the table.
Airakus entered the kitchen to see Sirius getting ice cream and pies from the freezer , Airakus
rushing towards the cupboard to get cookies and tarts that were stashed away .
“So, you going to tell Rem?” Airakus asked, Sirius pausing as he closed the freezer .
“No” Sirius replied.  
Airakus froze.  
Odd.  
He told Remus everything.  
Everything.“I wouldn't have wanted James telling anyone about me and Remus, if he had told Peter I
would have murdered him myself, brothers or not.” Sirius chuckled airlily , crossing the
kitchen towards the wooden table so he could scoop ice cream into the bowls.
Airakus appeared beside him with the tarts, a few stuf fed into his pockets.
“Who else knows about it then?” Sirius asked, Airakus pausing as he thought, placing the
carton of cookies and the box of tarts onto the table as he leaned against the wood.
“Seamus, Pansy , erm…Dumbledore….and I think Hagrid thinks we’re erm…together , but I
don't want to explain to him so” Airakus sighed with a shrug, Sirius furrowing his eyebrows.
“You arent together then?” He asked, Airakus pausing as he sighed again.
“Well, this is all rather new . We…we erm, it started on Halloween I guess, and we’ve been
sort of keeping it a secret, but we havent erm…we havent talked about it yet, just that it had
to be a secret, whatever it is” Airakus chuckled, Sirius nodding slowly .
“This Halloween?” Sirius asked, his eyebrows shooting up, Airakus nodding.  
“Merlin, I thought longer after I found those sweaters in the wash” Sirius chuckled, Airakus
furrowing his eyebrows.
“Over the summer , found Malfoys sweatshirt on the line, asked Remus and he said it was
yours…” Sirius said, glancing at Airakus who had turned a dark shade of red.
“Oh yea erm…that happened in third year , he had one of mine I think, maybe two now…”
Airakus thought back, Sirius stifling his laughed as Airakus hit him.
“Stop it Padfoot its not funny!” Airakus laughed, Remus and Narcissa interrupting their talk
with the piles of plates they were carrying.
When Airakus sat back down to eat desert, Draco and Seamus laughing about something with
Fiona and Poppy , he had a strange found satisfaction with himself.  
Sirius knowing had seemed dangerous.  
Given he'd most likely tell Remus.  
And that fact that he might tell Remus was still there.  
But Airakus felt lighter now . 
As if something had been lifted of f his shoulders.  
And when Draco’ s foot fell on top of his own as if tended to do, he grinned from ear to ear .
Chapter End Notes
WE FINNAL Y GET THE MINNIE AND POPPY WE DESER VE, WIVES.  
SEAMUS IS A KING, THEY ARE SO GA Y, SIRIUS IS A W>  
I love this chapter , but low key it took me so long to edit I want to die.Christmas 1995/96 pt 3
Chapter Summary
short chapter , walk on the lake, deep talk between Percy and Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
After dinner , Airakus settled down on the couch, Draco and Seamus on either side of him as
Remus, Minerva, Sirius and Moody cleaned up, Poppy , Fiona and Narcissa sitting in the
dining room chatting it up.
“Oi, fancy a walk down the beach?” Percy asked the three boys, him and Oliver standing,
coats in hand at the back door .
“How bout a walk on the lake?” Airakus grinned, Oliver nodding, tugging on Percy's sleeve,
the ginger boy standing with a grim look covering his freckly cheeks.
The five boys headed outside, Airakus shouting to Remus that they were going for a walk,
Remus telling him not to get a soaker from falling through the ice, Airakus ignoring him.
He was walking side by side with Oliver , Draco and Percy a few feet behind them chatting,
Seamus at least 30 feet infront of them all, tossing snow into the air and digging around so he
could slip around on the ice.
“So, you and Malfoy eh?” Oliver asked, Airakus pausing with a slight nod.
“Told Percy…sorry” Oliver added, Airakus shrugging.  
“He wont say anything, I trust him” Airakus replied, Oliver nodding with a sigh as he patted
the boys shoulder .
“I'm proud of you for getting Beater mate, I knew you had it in you, what with Geor ge going
for chaser!” Oliver changed the subject, Airakus thankful as he began telling Oliver all about
the team since he had left.
“So, erm…Ollie told me something that Airakus mentioned..” Percy began, Draco tilting his
head down with a small ‘hm’.
“Are you and him, erm…well,are you two going out?” Percy asked, never trying to pry ,
merely intrigued with the idea.  
Draco paused, looking at the back of Oliver and Airakus's heads as the two boys loudly
talked about Quidditch.Draco was unaware that Airakus and Oliver had been talking about the same thing mere
moments ago.  
He was unaware that Airakus had been thinking about it all day . 
Or that Sirius knew . 
He nodded.
“Yea well….I suppose we might be” Draco replied, Percy laughing lightly .
“You suppose then?” Percy asked, Draco stifling his laughter as he ran a hand through his
frosty hair .
“Yea I suppose. W e haven't well…we haven't talked about it yet…it sort of just happened.”
Draco explained shortly , Percy nodding.
“Thats sort of how me and Oliver started. One day after Quidditch practice we just ended up
snogging in our dorm…sort of funny now that we live together and all, but we didn't mention
it for weeks.” Percy chuckled as he remembered, Draco looking at him curiously .
“We haven't talked about it, and it happened on Halloween, and erm..its happened more than
once.” Draco said, Percy nodding.
“I dunno if I want everyone to know…you know? Airakus has always been more…confident
than me? Seamus is gay , so is David, so are Remus and Sirius and Airakus's father was as
well…hes just more used to it all. I mean, im sure my mother wouldnt mind…but…
well….Im not sure” Draco sighed, Percy nodding in understatement.
“You dont need to tell anybody if you dont want to Draco, and neither does Airakus. Its your
choice who knows about your relationship, and especially since we live where we do, when
we do, with who we do. A lot of people who you dont suspect to be prejudice, will be, and
alot of people who you wouldn't expect to be your biggest friends and supports, will be. I
sure as hell didnt expect Penelope to be my best friend after I told her id broken up with her
for Oliver , but shes happy for us both.” Percy went on, Draco watching him from the corner
of his eye, taking his words like notes in T ransfiguration, every word going down.
“If you are happy with him, and if you two love one another , then you need to talk about it,
just to one another , not everyone needs to know” Percy nodded, Draco nodding as well as he
turned back to see Airakus and Oliver up ahead with Seamus, the three of them slipping
around on the ice, Airakus grabbing Seamus for support, the pair tumbling into the snow .
“Yea, thanks Percy”  
Love.  
Love.  
Love.  
Love.  
“…you were always my favorite W easley” Draco added, Percy grinning ear to ear .
“Well of course I was, I'm the only one who was ever well behaved for bloody sake” Percy
chuckled, Draco nodding with shrug.“Ron did get prefect” Draco added, Percy looking at him with furrowed eyebrows.
“He got prefect? Nobody…nobody told me” Percy said, glancing up at the three others,
Draco nodded, patting Percy’ s shoulder as they joined the others in their laughter .
Chapter End Notes
Woops I sort of dissapeared for a week or so, wont happen again I promise (itll probs
happen again).  
Some Draco pov for the first time basicly ever and I dont mind it too much, also some
Percy and Oliver becuase I can.  
Dont mind the short chapter , Ill post another tmrw I swear!Christmas 1995/96 pt 4
Chapter Summary
No longer Christmas really , but still. Some ar guments, angry Sirius, Draco and Airakus,
Dean Thomas!
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning, Airakus, Draco and Seamus went out back on the lake to find a flat sheet
for skating.  
They had enough leftovers from dinner to feed all of Hogwarts, and were full enough to go
without food until term started again.
Airakus planned to head to Grimmauld, he wanted to bring Harry the leftover treacle tarts
anyways.
December 27th, Airakus floo’d to Grimmauld Place, Draco and Seamus both still asleep
given it was only ten o'clock.
They had planned to go skating that day , so Airakus didnt plan on staying at Grimmauld too
long.
When he got there, he found Harry and everyone sitting, breakfast on the table.  
Cheers of welcomes and steams of hugs came from everyone when Airakus walked inside,
taking of f his jacket as Kreacher handed him a cup of tea.
“Thanks Kreacher”  
“Of course Master Rosier”
He mumbled slurs as he walked away , Airakus wrinkling his nose bridge as he sipped his tea.  
Bloody nasty little creature he was.  
Eh, that explained the name.
“Wheres Seamus?” Harry asked as they chatted over a game of chess upstairs, all the
Weasley kids and Hermione all huddled in the small cold room.
“Sleeping, we’re going skating later today , out on the lake, so hes saving ener gy I suppose”
Airakus chuckled, Ron nodding as Harry laughed.
They were mid conversation about skating, Ginny asking about the safety of the lake,
Airakus reminding her they were wizards and drowning was reality impossible, when
someone walked into the room.“Ah, Airakus, Alastor said you were up here, he wants you to help shut the portrait of my
grandfather u…..!” Narcissa said as she stopped in the doorway , looking around the room to
see each and every one of the people she was supposed to be avoiding.
There were people in and out of the order everyday . 
It was rather easy to avoid people if she ate meals at dif ferent times and remained in her room
when the kids were around the house.
Harry froze slightly . 
Airakus nodded to her .
“Alright, be down in a minute, thanks Cissy” Airakus said.
“I dont think we’ve met before?” Hermione interrupted, looking at Narcissa with furrowed
eyebrows.
“Oh Im Narcissa” She said as she shook Hermiones hand, Airakus’ s breath catching in his
throat as Harry’ s thoughts clicked into place.
“Why are you here? Wheres Mad Eye!” Harry said as he stood abruptly , his voice raised as
Narcissa took a step back.
“Harry sit back down, your being ridiculous” Airakus tried to convey the boy , but he was
determined.
“No! Airakus do you know who she is!?” Harry exclaimed, the sound of people coming up
the stairs ringing through Airakus's ears.
“Yes, shes Sirius’ s cousin, Narcissa, why?” Airakus said, trying to avoid the answer Harry
was searching for with all his might.
“SHES DRACO MALFOY'S MOTHER!” Harry snapped, Remus, Moody , Minerva and
Sirius appearing in the doorway , Airakus freezing slightly as he looked from the adults back
to the enraged Harry who's wand was firmly in his hand.
“Harry , sit down, shes a member of the order” Mad eye huf fed as Narcissa bowed her head,
taking a few steps back as Harry stood his ground.
“Oh so bloody death eaters are members and I'm not? Where is the reasoning? Wheres the
bloody loyalty!?” He screeched, the walls of the house shaking as the painting of W alpur ga
began screaming from the downstairs hallway , Harry clearly having woken he up.
“Airakus, go help T onks shut her up!” Sirius said, Airakus nodding as he turned to leave,
Harry shaking his head.
“No, Airakus stay , why on earth is she here!?” Harry demanded.
“Shes my cousin Harry , I dont appreciate you calling her horrible things and questioning her
loyalty to the order! All of you, to your rooms NOW .” Sirius snapped.  
Airakus had never seen Sirius angry until that moment.  It was slightly frightening.  
The way he seemed so angry with Harry .
The boy he swore was his son.  
The boy he swore to protect with his life.
Harry scof fed as he shoved his wand into his pocket, pushing past everyone as he stormed of f
upstairs.  
The W easleys following silently as Minerva and Moody followed them out.
“Well, that was interesting” Remus nodded, the four standing in the doorway silently ,
listening to Harry yell at Mad Eye in ar gument.
“Think hell be mad long?” Remus asked.  
“Yea, he’ s properly tipped you yelled at him, I’m sure they’ll figure out Draco’ s in W ales
soon enough” Airakus replied, Sirius looking from Airakus to Narcissa and Remus rather
grimly .
“What should we do? I dont want them finding out Dracos a part of the order yet, I doubt
Albus would be pleased” Sirius said, Airakus pausing slightly . 
Sirius was more worried about Draco’ s safety than Harry; feelings.  
That was a new development.
Airakus helped T onks with the portrait, afterwards bidding farewell to Ron and Hermione
who were helping Molly with dinner (yes it was that late).  
By the time Airakus arrived at the house, it was too late to for skating unless Seamus and
Draco fancied going in the dark.  
He knew he'd get an earful from them both.
He floo’d into the lounge, tumbling out of the fireplace without a spec of soot on him to see
Seamus sitting, book in hand, tele playing Christmas movies int he background as it had been
for the past week or so.
“Sorry im late, Harry had the pleasure of meeting Narcissa” Airakus sighed airly , Seamus's
tight lipped face changing immediately .
“Is everything ok?” Seamus asked, Airakus shrugging.  
“Hes properly pissed of f, but he’ll get over it” Airakus replied, Seamus nodding as he
suddenly lept of f the couch, handing Airakus a paper that had been folded over on the cof fee
table (or tea table as Remus called it).
Airakus took the paper , looking from it back up to Seamus with furrowed eyebrows.
He opened it an recognized the handwriting and scent imiedietly . 
Dean had written.  
Seamus hadnt written him all week.  
He was supposed to be of f with his muggle family , so no magic, meaning no owls delivering
letters.
 Dear Seamus,
I know I said not to write me, but I miss you too much not to talk to you for a week!  
My sisters all say hi, and that they wished you would have come with us this summer , though
I remind them that you were busy . 
I was thinking we could meet up, all of us, me you and Airakus, maybe for new years you lot
could come here? Or me there?  
I miss you so much, I dunno how I lasted all summer without you!?  
Ill write you more I swear , and we’ll talk more about new years!  
Also, I erm…I need Airakus to open the other letter I sent, its important, Sea, please dont
read it, not yet.
Love,  
Dean
 
Airakus paused, looking up at Seamus who was grinning ear to ear . 
“He misses me” Seamus smirked, Airakus grinning as he tackled his best friend to the
ground, the boys laughing as they hit each other playfully .
“HE MISSES YOU!” Airakus yelped as he shook Seamus violently , the smaller boy laughing
with a grin on his face as they hollered in unison.
“Are you two making out down there?” Draco asked from the staircase where his head was
peering over the rail.  
Seamus and Airakus both broke into laughter , Draco coming creeping down the stairs,
standing beside the pair , looking down on them.  
“We’d never” Seamus proclaimed, shaking his head with a pouty lip.
“Not without you anyways” Airakus grinned, Draco smacking him backside the head as the
Slytherin stretched out on the couch with a sigh.
“Whats that?” Draco asked as Seamus took the letter back from Airakus, tossing it to the
bottom step of the stairs so he didn't for get about it.
“Letter from Dean” Seamus replied shortly , Draco raising his eyebrows.
“Thomas right? The one who draws in T ransfiguration?” Draco asked, Seamus chuckling
with a nod, Airakus watching the two interact, pure curiosity spread across his face.
“You two get on then?” Draco asked, Seamus shrugging.  
“Get on….best mates….madly in love with him” Seamus sighed, Draco laughing with a
smile that made Airakus's stomach flip inside out and jump of f a clif f out of pure admiration.
He had never seen Seamus open up to someone that quickly .
“Twinning I suppose” Draco mumbled, Seamus rolling his eyes as he grabbed the letter ,
rushing upstairs most likely to write Dean back.“Oi, Air , the letter for yous on the chair” Seamus called down the stairs, Airakus nodding as
he looked at the folded over piece of paper on the green chair , Draco sat on the couch.
He sat beside Draco, letter in hand as he opened it apprehensively , Draco peering over so he
could read as well.
 
Airakus,
I wrote Seamus, as you probably know . 
I'm not sure If I can last all break without seeing him, its gotten worse since Halloween…  
I was thinking, if its alright with you, that I could come round for new years?  
Id have you guys round mine but from Seamus’ s letter last week I assumed there might be
someone else there with you…  
One of your Slytherin friends per chance? Theo was saying that Draco wasnt going home for
Christmas so..  
I need to talk to you in person about this anyways, I'm not sure if writing about its too smart
with Seamus’ s nosy arse around.
Just ring me (44 21 6143 4568)  
Or write me back, but be careful because of my family (muggles obviously).
Thanks mate!  
-Dean
 
“So Seamus and him fancy one another then…?” Draco asked, Airakus shoving the letter into
his pocket as he sighed.
“Suppose so” He replied, Draco looking back towards the stairs where music was now
blasting from Airakus's bedroom, Seamus most likely in his element to write Dean back,
playing love songs and being all dramatic.
Airakus turned to Draco, and was then kissed.  
He froze for a moment as he reminded himself that this was allowed, and kissed back.
Draco’ s hands found Airakus's hair , grabbing at the boys curls while Airakus held Draco’ s
face, wanting to hold him as close as humanly possible.
Draco parted for a second, scanning Airakus's face.  
One thing racked his brain.  
What Percy had said.  
Love.  
Love.  
Love.  
Love.“Are we erm…are we going out?” Draco asked.  
Airakus froze.
He looked at the boy in front of him.  
Draco.  
His starboy . 
Going out was nice.  
It sounded proper . 
Like they were finally together . 
Finally admitting it felt good.
“Do you want us to be going out? Because I'm more than willing” Airakus grinned as he
wrapped his arms around Draco’ s waist, pulling him in more.
“Alright alright!” Draco smirked.  
“I still despise you, though I suppose you'd make an adamant boyfriend” Draco rolled his
eyes teasingly , a proper old English accent taking him over .
Boyfriend.  
Boyfriend.  
Boyfriend.  
Airakus grinned.
“Quite quite, proper boyfriend you would make I do say” Airakus replied as he ran his thumb
over Draco’ s cheek, kissing him softly once more.
“AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH GA Y PEOPLE!” Seamus screamed as he did a 180 and
bolted back up the stairs.
“Deans coming here for new years” Airakus called after him, Seamus’ s screams ending as he
stuck his head down the stairs.
“Really? Even with Draco? Because I get it if he cant really Airy I do!” Seamus said as
Airakus rubbed Draco’ s back, standing from the couch as he took the letter from his pocket,
walking into the doorway that led to the kitchen where their landline was mounted on the
wall.
“Course, he knows about Draco I think…hes friends with Theo apparently” Airakus
shrugged.  
“Since when?” Draco mumbled.  
“Since now…” Airakus said as he entered the number , holding the yellow telephone to his
ear as he stuf fed the letter back in his pocket, Seamus stood in front of him, Draco getting up
odd the couch and leaning against the opposite side of the door frame, fiddling with Airakus's
hand while the boy waited for someone to pick up the phone.
“Hello?” Someone said, a womans voice.
“Hello, is this, well I know its not bloody him Seamus I need to ask anyways, sorry
erm..Dean Thomas?” Airakus asked, stamping on Seamus’ s foot as he did so.“Oh I'm his sister , let me go find him, bet hes of f baking with our younger sisters again” the
girl said, before she held the phone away from her mouth.
“DEAN! THERES SOMEONE ON THE PHONE FOR YOU!” She called into the kitchen
(Airakus assumed), the sound of indistinct chatter came as a response.
“Erm..hes asking who it is?” The girl asked.
“Airakus and Seamus, Hogwarts friends” Airakus of fered as a response, the girl audibly
sighing from the other end of the line.
“Thankgod, I thought he had made some more muggle friends in town, calling asking to go
play footie smore” The girl (who Airakus was now thankful was a witch) replied as she
echoed the boys names into the kitchen, the sound of Dean running to the phone ringing
through Airakus’ s ears.
“Airakus?” Dean asked as he shooed his sister away . 
“Hey mate, hows your holiday been?” Airakus asked, Dean sighing.
“Bloody exhausting, got all six of my sisters AND my cousins here!” Dean sighed.
“Yep, just me Sea and Draco round my house, you can floo over a few days before New
Years and stay till we head back, like we did that one time!?” Airakus explained his plan,
Dean nodding.
“Cheers, promise ill bring you all cupcakes” Dean replied.  
“You'll bake me things?” AIrakus asked with a smirk.
“I said you all” Dean rolled his eyes.  
“You're baking me things Dean? How sweet!” Airakus chuckled, Seamus scof fing.
Seamus yoinked the phone and talked to Dean for a good twenty minutes, Airakus and Draco
eavesdropping on their conversation as Seamus continuously shoved the pair away .
“Oi, lemme ask him something before you so RUDEL Y hang up!” Airakus said as he stole
the phone back from Seamus, the short boy laughing as Airakus stuck his tongue out as him,
Draco chuckling as well.
“Write me when your planning on coming, might get Granger round for the night but we cant
tell Harry and that lot your coming or theyll be upset that I told them nobody could stay in
Wales” Airakus told Dean.
“Why cant they? They've been there before no?” He asked, Airakus sighing.
“Dont think theyd be as calm about Draco being here as you are mate, also how did you
know it was him and not Pansy or Blaise or anyone else?” Airakus scof fed into the phone
with a laugh, Dean chuckling from the other end of the phone as Seamus and Draco leaned in
to listen.
“Me and Theo sit beside each other in transfiguration, he mentioned that I should come help
you and Draco carve pumpkins given you had ‘zero artistic abilities’. Sort of figured it outfor myself after that” Dean chuckled, Airakus nodding.
“So hes coming round then?’ Seamus asked, Airakus nodding as Seamus and Draco followed
Airakus upstairs towards the attic.
“Yep, he doesnt know bout me and you though so no erm…..” Airakus froze as he glanced to
Seamus.
“No homosexual activities got it” Seamus added, Draco spluttering out a laugh as Airakus
rolled his eyes.
‘Ill tell him, I promise” Airakus said to Draco more than Seamus, though both boys nodded
as a response, Draco and Airakus staring at each other ,
“Why are we up here again?” Seamus asked.
“Skates!” Airakus grinned.
“But its dark!?” Draco whinged.
“Do I look like I care?” Airakus replied, Seamus oooooooooooing as Draco rolled his eyes at
the Gryf findors.
Chapter End Notes
I told you id post again today! Stuck by that promise.  
I'm into some angst where I'm writing right now so posting these fluf fy happy chapters
are giving me hope (no angst between Draco and Airakus yet, just wait).  
Also we got some DEAAAAAAAAMUSSSSSSSSSSSSSs long awaited and well
deserved if I'm being honest.  
After I'm done with this fic I might write a single standing Deamus fic because they are
UNDERA TED>Even Voldemort Couldnt Ruin Christmas
Chapter Summary
Skating and Family .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The boys ran down the steps of the porch, Seamus slipping as they did so.  
They were all laughing, muggle skates in hand, blankets wrapped around themselves as they
rushed down the ice covered beach to reach the lake.
Remus and Sirius hadnt arrived home yet, the mac’n’cheese box waiting for them on the
counter top, the three boys deciding they would wait till the pair returned to eat.
“Slow down Akis Its slippery!” Draco called after Airakus as he and Seamus grabbed each
other for stability , Airakus hiking through the snow with a grin plastered on his face.
“Oh pish posh, hurry up!” Airakus replied as Draco and Seamus rushed after him towards the
clear spot of the ice that they had cleared the day before.
The boys laughed as they tied their skates, Draco sitting on the snowbank staring at the skates
confused.
“Ive got no clue how these work” Draco admitted as Seamus and Airakus waddled around
waiting for him.
Airakus kneeled in front of him and tied his skates, Seamus falling over atleast six times
while waddling around in the snow waiting for the two.
They skated for hours, Draco falling a million times, tugging Airakus and Seamus down with
him most of those times.  
They spent the night laughing.  
Skating out on the lake, something Airakus loved doing.
He had nearly for gotten all about Harry and Narcissa by the time they headed back inside,
faces red, noses cold, covered in snow .
“Have fun then?” Remus asked as he took the boys jackets and soaking wet blankets, laying
them out in front of the fireplace as the three kids took of f their wet socks and rolled up their
snow covered trouser cuf fs.“Yea, Draco only fell a hundred bloody times” Seamus scof fed, Draco rolling his eyes as
Airakus grinned at his friends.
“Oh shove of f Finnigan, you fell more than I did” Draco replied, Seamus sticking his tongue
out at the Slytherin boy who laughed as a response.
“Reminds me of Christmas with Sirius, we went skating on the black lake, bloody horrifying,
I thought I was gonna fall through” Remus chuckled, Airakus smiling as Seamus rang his
socks out in front of the fireplace, Draco sitting in the chair with a sigh.
“Talking about me?” Sirius asked as he entered the lounge from the kitchen, hot chocolates
floating around him as he carried one in each hand.
Remus rolled his eyes as he sat down on the arm of the chair Draco was sat on, Airakus
stretching out on the couch as he took a Hot chocolate from the air around Sirius’ s head.
Sirius scof fed as he tossed a pillow at Airakus's head, getting the boy to scooch down the
couch, making room for him and Seamus.
They all sat down and drank their hot coco, Remus rushing of f to turn of f the stove.
Then they ate dinner , crappy muggle mac’n’cheese that fuelled Airakus to his very core.  
“Todays been rather good I’d say , there was only one dramatic event at Grimmuald, nobody
was splinched all afternoon apparating back and forth!” Remus called to Sirius as the black
haired man washed the dishes, the rest of them sitting in the lounge, the tele playing some old
movie.
Seamus was sitting on the floor in front of Airakus and Draco who were on the couch,
entranced with the television, Remus in the chair working on his fourth cup of tea.
“Yea, suppose it was rather good” Sirius replied as he turned the sink of f, shaking the water
off his hands as he reached for the tea towel to dry them.
“Who got splinched today?” Airakus asked as he stopped kicking Seamus, ears parking up
when the mention of splinching was made.
“Oh just Kingsley , was going back and forth rather quickly and landed himself rather nastily
in the drawing room cupboard” Remus explained, a chill going down Airakus’ s back as he
squeezed his eyes shut.
‘Whats splinching?” Seamus asked, furrowing his eyebrows as he looked away from the tele,
up at his mates with confusion all over his face.
“When you apparate, if you do it too fast, or wrong, you could rip yourself appart. Thats why
it so dangerous for Airakus to apparate with more than one person, he might close it of f
before your hand gets through, and itll cut it of f…” Remus snapped.
“Just like that” He added, Seamus’ s face going slightly green as he began shaking his head,
turning back to face AIrkaus.‘Im never side apparating with you ever again!” Seamus exclaimed everyone laughing as
Sirius walked into the lounge, sitting beside Airakus who quickly took his arm of f of Draco’ s
shoulder , becoming rather aware of Sirius’ s knowledge and presence in the room.  
That night, Airakus slept soundly . 
He was content with himself, properly happy for the first time since November . 
He wasnt worried about Harry and Narcissa as he should be.  
He wasnt worried about the full moon (which wasnt until after new years).  
He wasnt worried about Draco given the boy was asleep a mere two feet away from him.  
He wasnt worried about Remus and Sirius because he knew they were safe.  
And he wasnt worried about V oldemort.  
Because Christmas was a happy time, and even the dark lord couldnt ruin Christmas.
Chapter End Notes
ONCE AGAIN sorry for not posting for so long Ive been very preoccupied with my
schools winter formal.  
ALSO WE GOT SOME MORE SEAMUS BEING A KING.  
AND SOME F AMIL Y BONDING>  
Im nearly at the big ending of fifth year in my writing progress right now (novemeber
25th<) so expect this to get INTERESTING soon.Dean arrives.
Chapter Summary
Deans arrival, some lads being lads
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up in the morning, December 30th, Dean would be arriving today .
He sat up in his bed, his hair a mess, his blue t-shirt ruf fled up and es cue.  
The sun was peering in through his lar ge bedroom window , making his scars glisten against
his skin as he looked around the small room.  
Seamus’ s bed was a disaster , an empty , human shaped spot where Seamus clearly had been
asleep.  
He was most likely downstairs making tea and tiding the lounge for Deans arrival.  
Bloody gay .
Airakus turned over towards the foot of his bed where Draco’ s bunk was.  
The boy was awake, sitting on the end pf his bed in his pajamas reading as he warmed up
near the fireplace.
“Morning” Airakus yawned as he stretched, tossing his blankets aside as he stood from his
bed, going light headed as the blood rushed to his feet.
“Mornin” Draco replied shortly as he turned the page of his book, casting a single glance to
Airakus before his eyes returned to the pages.
“Deans coming round 2, he knows that right?”Airakus asked as he and Draco heard the
record player going, Seamus clearly in his cleaning mood.
“Yep, he got up at bloody six am, sacred the shit out of me! I was drinking tea with Remus on
the porch and he bloody appeared behind me!” Draco chuckled, Airakus grinning as he sat
down beside the Slytherin boy .
“You were drinking tea with Remus eh?” He asked, Draco nodding as he continued to read,
Airakus grinning ear to ear as he leaned towards the boy , Draco rolling his eyes as he closed
his book and turned to face Airakus.
“He likes you I think” Airakus nodded as he swiveled his head away , Draco rolling his eyes
as he stifled his smile.“Who Remus?” Draco asked, Airakus nodding.  
“Yea, and Sirius does of course, a lot actually , bloody ready to kick Harry out on W ednesday”
Airakus chuckled, Draco nodding, going slightly pink as he placed his book down on the
desk.
“How are you feeling AIrakus?” Draco asked, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows as he looked
at the blonde boy confused.
“Fine why?” AIrakus replied, Draco sighing as he thought about his response.
“Well just, the full moons on the sixth, and its new years tomorrow , I was just making sure
you weren't feeling bad or anything, especially if we’re out skating and walking when Dean
gets here I dont want your knees to bother you, or your shoulder , Poppy told me to make sure
you relaxed your shoulder at Christmas!” Draco rambled slightly , AIrakus smiling as he
watched Draco’ s eyes race around the room.
“Worried about me Malfoy?” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes as he tossed a pillow
onto Airakus’ s face.
“Im fine, I usually dont feel the ef fects until the week of, and besides, Ive chased a murderer
the night of a full moon before, im sure skating wont hurt me too bad” Airakus winked,
Draco scof fing as he stood, grabbing his blanket and walked towards the door .
“Going to go eat the buns Seamus made before they get cold” Draco called back to Airakus
who grabbed his wand and followed the boy with a smile plastered on his face.
Draco and AIrkaus were sprawled out on the couch, Draco reading his muggle book (one he
had borrowed from Airakus’ s extensive collection upstairs), Airakus sipping his hot
chocolate as he aimlessly watched Gremlins given their Grinch cd case was magically gone.
Seamus was anxiously sat in the chair , glancing from the clock back to the chimney , then
back to the kitchen, listening for a knock on the front door . 
Dean’ s eldest sister was apparating him there, and Seamus had never met her before, given
she was 23 and didnt live at home.
“Sea, stop tapping your foot Its louder than the bloody tele” Airakus groaned, Draco
chuckling as Seamus rolled his eyes, folding his legs into a crisscross on the chair .
“Not my fault, your a bloody W erewolf, you hear everything” Seamus sneered, Draco
laughing harder as Airakus grinned, joining the Slytherin in his chuckles.
“Air, do you think Dean’ s sister would want some tea before she leaves? Its bloody freezing
out there and it just started snowing again!” Remus asked as he entered the lounge from the
porch (which they had charmed to stay warm, the snow not getting in because of the screen)
where he and Sirius had been sitting.
“Erm…yea I suppose. They wont be here for another hour or so anyways, she might stay
round for dinner if the storm gets too bad” Airakus replied, placing his mug down on the
table as he went to put in a dif ferent cd.“How many bloody sisters does Thomas have again? Y ou lot keep talking about them like
theres a million” Draco sighed as he closed his book, putting it beside Airakus's mug as
Seamus turned away from the chimney to answer his question.
“One younger and Four older . The eldest ones Rosalie, shes bringing him here, then theres
Sariah and Lola, their twins, both 20, then theres W illow , shes 21…his younger sisters named
Henrietta, we all call her Hen, shes only 8” Seamus replied, dropping the Thomas family lore
in a matter of seconds, AIrkaus unsure if the boy had breathed while speaking.
“God, thats alot of siblings” Draco chuckled.  
“Try 200 boys from the ages of 3-18 living in one hallway” Remus scof fed from the kitchen
where he had started the oven, baking cinnamon rolls.
“200….Remus how many brothers do you have!?” Draco asked, his voice squeaked, his
eyebrows raised.  
Everyone laughed as Remus explained the concept of a ‘childrens home’ to Draco who had
grown rather concerned for Remus's mothers health (although she was dead now).
The knock on the front door came around half an hour later . Draco was sitting on the couch,
seemingly enchanted by National Lampoons Christmas V acation.  
Airakus stood, following Seamus who had practically teleported from his spot on the chair to
the entrance way .
Airakus opened the door after reassuring Seamus that his hair looked fine, and there stood
Dean Thomas in all his glory , beside him the prettiest girl AIrakus had veer seen.
“Sea!” Dean grinned as he hugged his best mate, Seamus smiling as he squeezed Dean back.  
“Airakus!” Dean added as he engulfed Airakus into a hug.
“Merlin mate you freezing, come inside!” Airakus exclaimed as he ushered Dean and his
sister into the house, making sure to close the wooden door behind them.
“Guys this is Rosy , shes my older sister” Dean explained, still standing nearby the doorway ,
boots, coat and hat still firmly on as he placed his trunk on the bench under the window .
“Pleasure, im Seamus!” Seamus smiled as he shook Rosy’ s hand, the girl giggling as she
shook it back.
“Oh I’m well aware of who you are, he bloody doesnt shuddup bout you” Rosy sighed as she
punched Dean in the arm, the boy going slightly red as he took of f his hat and gloves, placing
them in the wicker basket where the others were.
“Oh, chatting about me are you?” Seamus raised an eyebrow , Dean scof fing as Rosy
chuckled.
“Ah! Y our here again are you?” Remus teased as he entered the room, Dean smiling with a
nod to his old Prof fesor as he hugged Remus ladishly , the way he hugged Airakus.  
Not the way he had hugged Seamus.“Yep, cant stay away too long can I?” Dean chuckled, Remus nodding as he turned to Rosy .
 
“Ah, Rosalie no? Pleasure to meet you!” Remus nodded as he shook the girls hand, Rosalie
nodding as she shook it back.
“Im Remus Lupin, Airakus’ s godfather” He nodded, Rosy nodding slowly .
“You were in the prophet no? T aught my brother in third year , Dark arts?” She asked, Remus
nodding slowly as a response as he glanced to Airakus, panic ridden.
“Bloody good teacher you are, taught this little bastard more than anyone ever has!” She
grinned, Remus’ s shoulder visibly dropping from relief as he invited her in for tea.
Airakus and Seamus led Dean round through the dining room, Rosy and Remus going in for
some tea.
“Enjoying the movie then?” Airakus asked as he hopped round the back of the couch,
returning to his spot beside Draco who was drinking his hot coco, enthralled with the tele.
He nodded with a muf fled ‘mhm’.
“Oh, so he is here then!” Dean said, his eyebrows raising from shock, Seamus having
disappeared upstairs to put Deans things away .
“Oh hullo Dean, have you ever seen this film? Its rather brilliant no? These muggles are so
odd, americans I suppose” Draco said, glancing up at Dean as he watched the movie,
completely beyond the point of paying attention.
“Ah yes, americans” Dean chuckled, furrowing his eyebrows humorously as he sat in the
chair where Seamus had been.
“Ah Draco, Luna sent some cake in the post this morning, says she might come round for
New Y ears!” Airakus smiled, Draco nodding as he basically ignored the boys remark.
“Oi, wheres he sleepin Airakus? Theres no room for the hammock with Malfoys bed?”
Seamus asked, popping his head over the rail towards the top of the staircase, Airakus
looking from him to Dean in a glance before replying.
“Hes sleeping with one of us unless he prefers the bloody floor , your beds a Queen, can fit
two people” Airakus replied, turning away from Seamus back to the tv , so that he didnt laugh
at the jaw dropping face Seamus made in response.
“Yours is a bloody queen as well, why doesnt he sleep with you?” Seamus asked, Airakus
glancing from Dean back to Seamus before locking eyes with his best friend.
“Moons in 8 days, doubt he wants me waking him up with the restlessness mate. Just bloody
toss his stuf f on your bunk, you'll be fine Seamus, you dont need your beauty sleep, no lassies
about” Airakus teased, Seamus rolling his eyes as he stomped back upstairs.“I can sleep on the couch if you needs me to AIrkaus..” Dean began, Airakus shaking his
head.  
“No, you need a bed, unless you dont want to share with Seamus…I suppose him and Draco
could share…” Airakus began, but Dean interrupted him, shaking his head.
“NO WE CAN SHARE!” He yelped, Airakus and Draco sipping their coco to stop
themselves laughing.
Rosy left soon after , Padfoot coming in from the porch to greet Dean ( in dog form
obviously) and before AIrkaus knew it, they were headed up for bed.
He could hear Seamus’ s heart racing all night.  
Bloody queers.  
Airakus laughed to himself as he rolled over for the millionth time.  
Draco and Dean were both dead asleep.  
Seamus wouldnt be sleeping that night.  
Airakus's brain was fuzzy , that was the best description he could find.
“Sea, cig?” Airakus whispered out into the room, the sounds of Seamus creeping out of his
bed and grabbing his sweatshirt following as Airakus himself crawled out of his four poster ,
the pair sneaking out the round window onto the small balcony that led of f of Airakus's
bedroom.
“You need to calm down Sea, its just for a few days” Airakus said as he handed Seamus the
lit cigarette.  
Seamus rolled his eyes.  
“You bloody did it on purpose you twat, why cant Malfoy just bunk with you?” Seamus
groaned.  
Airakus rolled his eyes, not bothering to explain to Seamus why he shouldnt share a bed with
Draco (full moon or not).
“Want to go skating again tomorrow?” Airakus asked.  
“Thought we ought to head into town and get more tarts for new years since you brought the
ones from Christmas to Harry” Seamus replied, handing the cig back.  
“Alright, town and then skating?” Airakus asked, Seamus nodding.
“Your bloody screwed mate” Airakus sighed as he dubbed out the cigarette.
“Oh shove of f Mr.Malfoy” Seamus replied teasingly as he flicked the cigarette of f the rail.
Chapter End Notes
I suck at posting and im sorry but Ive been dealing with so much shit for the holidays
bro 
ALSO OMG THANKYOU FOR NEARL Y 1000 HITS
WHAAAAAAAAAAAA TTTTTTTTTT?!  ANYW AYS WEVE GOT SOME DEAMUS AND SOME MORE DRAIRAKUS MY
HUBBIES  
Also, if I were to post an orignal work on here, would any of you read it?Time between
Chapter Summary
Dean, David and Fluf f, (use of f slur , not in a negative way)
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning after breakfast the four boys headed of f for town once more.  
Airakus wasn't even sure if David would be around or not, and he also wasn't sure how Dean
would react to Daveys constant infatuation with Seamus bloody Finnigan.
“So, Malfoy , why areee you spending Christmas here?” Dean asked when the four were
about halfway there, the woods thick and snowy .
“Wanted to visit Airakus, besides, their house is cozy and Seamus makes good tea” Draco
replied with a shrug, Seamus smiling.
“Thank you Draco” He nodded, satisfied with himself as AIrkaus rolled his eyes.
When they arrived in town, the market was closed given it was new years eve that night, but
most of the shops were still open, so the boys got some tarts and cookies, Airakus buying a
peanut butter chocolate brownie for Davey , before they found themselves by the fountain,
their shopping adventures finished for the day .
 
“Davids house then? I need to give him his Christmas present anyways” AIrkaus sighed.  
“Alright” Seamus said mindlessly , counting his sickles, Draco nodding as he licked the
massive red and green swirly lollipop Airakus had boughten him.
“Whos David?” Dean asked, standing hi ground as the other three boys had began walking.
“Oh, a muggle friend of mine, a riot he is, told him wed swing by again before we went back
to school” Airakus nodded, Dean’ s mouth forming an O as he followed the other three boys
towards Davids house.
When Airakus knocked on the door , Davids mum opened it as per usual, there was music
blasting from upstairs, and she had her usual cheery smile plastered on her face.
“Oh good lord youve brought another boy! I swear your the only reason he has any friends
Airakus you doll” She praised him as the boys took their shoes of f and rushed upstairs,
Airakus and Seamus about to burst into his room when they heard him singing.“OH WHEN YOU W ALK BYYY EVER Y NIGHT T ALKING SCREAMIN LOOKIN FINE
I GET KINDA HECTIC INSIIIIIDE”
Airakus swung the door open and stood, mouth agap as David danced around his bedroom to
some american pop star , singing like a madman.
“Eyup mate, calm it down, your boyfriends are here” Airakus said, David freezing as he
knocked his small stereo of f his desk, the machine clattering to the ground.
“Mum let you in again! How many times have I told that bloody woman to W ARN ME!”
David yelped down the stairs as he slammed his door behind him, Draco, AIrkaus, Seamus
and Dean now sprawled out all over his room.  
Airakus was on the floor in a starfish, Draco and Seamus on the bed, Dean sitting on the
swingy chair that dangled from Davids ceiling.
“Get this for Christmas then?” Airakus asked as he placed the stereo back on the desk,
returning to his starfish on the fuzzy rug that covered Davids floor .
“Yeh, dad sent it in the mail” David sighed, Airakus scof fing. 
“Bloody twat” Airakus sighed, David chuckling.  
“Amen to that” He replied, Airakus and him laughing as the three other wizards sat rather
confused.
“Anyways, Seaaaaamus, did you go skating out on the lake yet?” David asked as he leaned
against his desk, eyeing Seamus up as he always did, Seamus stuttering over his words as
Draco and AIrkaus shared a glance of entertainment.
“Yea, bloody Malfoy kept on falling” Seamus stuttered out, nodding to Draco who rolled his
eyes.  
“For the millionth time Finnigan you fell MORE than I did” Draco replied, flicking Seamus
in the head.  
Dean was watching the scene in front of him rather confused before David turned to him.
“So, whos the new lad? Ive never met you before? Not one of the gingers from what was it
last summer?” David asked, Airakus shaking his head as Dean froze up, looking up at the
short blonde muggle from the chair , slightly afraid.
“Dean, this is David, David this is Dean Thomas, our other dorm mate” Airakus sighed as he
introduced the two boys to one another .
“Bloody hell Aira, how many dorm mates do you have?!” Davis sighed as he sat down on the
floor beside Airakus, leaning against his bed.
“5 not including me.” Airakus chuckled, Davids eyes going wide.
“Are all of them hot then?” David added, Airakus and Seamus cackling as Draco stifled his
laughter , Dean staring at them all wide eyed.“N..” Airakus began.  
“Relatively so, yes” Seamus interrupted, all of the boys staring at him, David grinning.
“Its me, Seamus, Dean, Harry , Neville and Ron who’ s the twins younger brother” Airakus
explained, David furrowing his eyebrows.
“Well then where does Draco sleep?” David asked as he turned to face Draco who chuckled
as he rolled his eyes.
“Not in their house, and I’ve only got one roommate” Draco replied, David’ s eyebrows
shooting up as he clasped Draco’ s shoulder .
“Lucky bastard” David laughed, Seamus and AIrakus rolling their eyes.
“So, Dean, got a girlfriend?” David asked a few minutes later , the boys conversation about
football ending rather abruptly as Dean began stuttering over his words.
“Erm..no, why , do you have a girlfriend?” Dean asked, Airakus watched as David glanced at
him, the same way he had looked at Airakus in panic over Fred and Geor ge.
“Nah hes a fag through and through,” Airakus replied for him, David laughing out loud as
Seamus fell of f the bed, Draco and Deans eyes going wide, Draco from shock of the blatant
honesty , Deans from the information and the words.
“Watch your tongue Mr .Rosier!” David teased, mocking an old sunday school teacher they
had, Airakus rolling his eyes as he hit his friend with a pillow , David catching it and tossing it
aside, well aware he would loose that battle.
“Oh so..erm…your gay then?” Dean asked, the boys going silent as they all turned to face
Dean.  
“Yeppers, born and bred” David winked, Airakus and Seamus rolling their eyes as Draco
laughed, Dean nodding to himself as he raced his mind seemingly for more questions.
“Mind if I ask, is it erm..is it hard?” Dean asked, David grinning.
“Sometimes, nobody really knows other than my best mates and me mum honestly , sucks that
theres no other queer people round here or Id have a bloody lad up here rather than you sods”
David teased, Airakus scof fing, rolling his eyes.
“Its a shame honestly . Aira gets more game than I do. Not bloody fair ,” David sighed as he
stood, sitting on the bed beside Seamus with a huf f.
“Oh shove of f you’ll have plenty by summer , what with your new fancy school?” Airakus
teased back.
“True, still right tipped Seamus doesn’ t live here or we’d be married by now” David joked,
Seamus rolling his eyes as Draco and Airakus laughed, Dean watching everything unfold.
“Yea, you can bloody dream mate” Airakus teased, Draco sighing as he collapsed onto the
bed, laying down as Seamus rolled his eyes, David flipping Airakus the bird.They stayed there for another hour or so, chatting about Christmas and skating out on the
lake.  
David told them all about his new school and how he might start early , Airakus getting al
excited for him.
When they headed downstairs, saying that they needed to head back for dinner if they wanted
to skate before it became pitch black outside, Davids mum was awaiting them at the bottom
of the staircase.
“Oh, its so good of you to bring all your mates around Aira, you know he has a hard time
making friends around town and and…” She began as she tended to do, David rolling his
eyes.
“I dont have a hard time doing anything mum, I just hate everyone round here” He scof fed,
the woman ignoring him as she hugged Airakus goodbye, letting the boys step outside.
“Alright then mate, see you at Easter then no? Ill be sendin you letters I promise!” David
nodded as he hugged Airakus tightly , the werewolf snif fling as he let go of his friend.
It was always hard leaving David round the muggle village full of ladish arseholes, knowing
that Hogwarts was Davids dream school.  
But muggles were muggles for a reason.
“Yep, promise Ill write you back more!” Airakus chuckled as David smiled with a nod,
turning to Draco.
“Pleasure to meet you Situation, I'm sure ill be seeing more of you eh?” David asked, glaring
at Draco who was looking between him and Airakus for some sort of help.
“Yea pleasure to meet you mate!” Draco nodded as David hugged him quickly , the muggle
boy turning slowly as he grinned at Seamus.
“Oh my love, such a shame to see you go, youll be round for Easter then?” David joked,
Seamus sighing with a nod.  
“I better be, cant pass up on Remus Lupins ham dinner!” Seamus nodded, David chuckling as
AIrkaus nodded in agreement.
“True true, bloody genius that man is, hot as well which is always a bonus” David teased,
Airakus rolling his eyes as he hopped of f the concrete stair that led to the door , waiting for his
friends.
“Great to meet ya Dean” David nodded to Dean who nodded back with a tight lipped smile as
he and Draco followed Airakus, Seamus waving goodbye as they walked down the path.
“mae rhaniad yn dristwch mor felys!!!!” David yelled after Seamus who turned to Airakus
with furrowed eyebrows.
“Parting is such sweet sorrow” Airakus provided as a translation, Seamus going pink as he
scoffed, Draco elbowing him teasingly as Dean followed the three down the road, eyebrowfurrowed, thoughts racing.
“Sorry bout him Dean, really hes not all that bad once you get used to him hes annoyin at
first” Airakus sighed as the half hour mark of Dean not saying a word had passed.  
The boys had just made it to the forest edge near the village, the sun already passing given it
was half past 5.  
Draco had needed more sweets from the bake shop.  
The line had been a ten minute wait.
“He seemed fine Aira, promise its not like that or anything!” Dean defended himself, Seamus
furrowing his eyebrows slightly at the comment.  
‘Its not like that’  
Odd.
When they got back to the house it was nearly 7.  
The boys were joking around about something when they came inside to the sound of the
kettle boiling.  
Remus was home, Airakus knew that, but why was he using the proper kettle? He only suede
it when there were guests.
“Here you are Xene” Remus said, Airakus hearing him although they were in the next room
(werewolf things)
Airakus and Draco pushed past Dean and Seamus as the pair rushed into the kitchen o see
Xenephelios and Luna sat drinking tea with Remus and Sirius.
“Thank Merlin your back, was getting worried” Sirius sighed, Remus rolling his eyes as he
sipped his tea.
“Luna!” Draco grinned as he hugged Luna tightly , the girl smiling as she hugged back,
turning and hugging AIrakus afterwards.
“Did you bring your ice skates?” Airakus asked, Luna nodding.
“Yes, there in the living room, ive got purple ones now!” Luna smiled dreamily , Airakus and
Draco smiling back as Seamus and Dean entered the kitchen.
“Ah! Seamus, Dean! Great to see you two!” Luna smiled as she waved hello to the other
boys, Seamus and Dean nodding and waving back.
‘Great to see ya Luna, ready to head out on the lake? Promise I wont knock ya over” Seamus
grinned.  
“Hes a liar Luna he shoved me three times” Draco said, sticking his chin in the air . 
“Oh shove of f Dray , he did not” Airakus rolled his eyes as he wrapped an arm around
Draco’ s shoulder , giving the blonde boy a noogie.
“Oi! Boys, calm!” Remus chuckled as Airakus let go of Draco, stepping away from the
glaring Slytherin as Sirius gave him an odd look.Xene stayed for dinner , everyone having shepherds pie before he apparated home, the kids
grabbing their skates and heading outside.
“I havent skated out here since I was what, 1 1?” Luna chucked, Airakus nodding with a sigh.  
“The good ol days” Airakus replied, Seamus furrowing his eyebrows.  
“Before you met me?” Seamus asked.  
“Exactly . Before I was tormented by your annoyance every day you little shite” Airakus
teased, Seamus punching him which led the boys to begin chasing each other .
Airakus tied Draco’ s skated again, Seamus helping with Deans as Luna practiced her spins on
the flat ice, her purple figure skates quite dif ferent than the boys rough hockey ones.
“See, easier to skate with these Draco!” Luna called out as Draco hobbled across the snowy
patch that led to the clear ice, the boy rolling his eyes as he glided over to his friend, Airakus
and Seamus on either side of Dean, trying to stop the boy from falling.
“never , been, skating, before” Dean stuttered through wobbles, Airakus laughing as Seamus
(rather concerned mind you) held Dean’ s hand to stop the boy from falling.
“Why'd you never hold my hand when I was learning? Rather rude?” Draco asked Airakus as
he and Luna skated side by side, Airakus speeding around them a few times before he began
skating backwards in front of the pair .
“Thought youd detest to that honestly , rather stubborn you are, didnt even want my help
walking down here in your skates” Airakus replied with a shrug, Luna grinning as she looked
between the pair rather joyfully .
“Draco! Are you two finally going ou…” Luna exclaimed, Airakus’ s eyes going wide as
Draco shushed her rather loudly .
“Dean doesnt know!” Draco whispered, Luna’ s mouth forming an O as she glanced round to
Dean and Seamus who were both trying (and failing) to get up of f the ice after falling for the
hundredth time that evening.
“Im happy for you two, finally Draco can stop whinging about it, it was getting rather
annoying Dray , and I love you like a brother but merlins beard you would not shut up!” Luna
sighed as she rubbed her hand together , blowing into them to keep them warm.
Airakus grinned ear to ear as he stared between Luna and Draco.
“Talking about me before Halloween were you Malfoy?” Airakus teased, Draco going red as
he scof fed. 
“Shuddup” Draco replied.
“Halloween? Merlin Airakus hes been talking about you since summer of third bloody year”
Luna sighed as she glanced back to Draco who was glaring at her , rage in his eyes.
“Woops” Luna smiled as she turned around, rushing to help Seamus and Dean (more so to
escape Draco’ s wrath).“So, since third year then?” Airakus teased, skating beside Draco now that Luna had left.  
Malfoy staring back up towards the house, avoiding looking at Airakus with all his might.
“I think I’ve fancied you since the end of third year , but I didnt realize it until after the Y ule
Ball. Didnt admit it to myself until summer” Airakus chuckled, Draco glancing at him.
“I fancied you since we met actually , didnt tell anyone until the world cup when I rambled to
Pansy about it in her tent for an hour or so. I never said anything until that night, when I ran
away on Halloween…” Draco reminisce, staring at his feet.
“Im so sorry I left you alone like that, I just, I dunno, I thought you’d..” Draco began, shaking
his head.  
‘Never speak to you again?” AIrkaus asked, Draco looking at him with a slight nod.  
“Yea, I thought the same thing.” Airakus chuckled, Draco’ s shoulders relaxing as he bumped
into Airakus playfully .
“Well, not like it matters but, seems like you were talking about me before Halloween as
well” Draco smirked, Airakus rolling his eyes.
“Oh shove of f mate” Airakus replied, trying to hide his blush.  
“Mate? Y ou wound me my love” Draco sighed dramatically as he dropped his head back.  
“Oh my sincerest apologies darling, allow me to rephrase. Shove of f Boyfriend,” Airakus
teased, Draco nodding.  
“That's better” He laughed.
They skated for around another hour , landing them around 9 pm by the time they were
headed back upstairs to count down to midnight.
Airakus walked into the kitchen to let Remus know that they were back. He however was met
with T onks, Minnie and Poppy sat round the table, Sirius and Remus laughing along with the
girls about something T onks had done.
“We’re headed upstairs for the count down, we’ll all sleep up there tonight” Airakus said to
Remus, turning to try and rush back away to help his friends pile their wet jackets near the
fireplace so he could cast a drying charm.
“Oi Airakus, come back here for a minute!” Remus said, waving the tall boy over . 
Airakus nodded to Seamus as he turned back around and crossed the kitchen, standing at the
end of the round table, tapping his knuckles against the wood as he waited for Remus to
speak.
“Wots up?” Airakus asked, Sirius sipping his tea rather loudly .
 
“Minnie and Poppy brought you lot some popcorn from that muggle new years fair down
where they live” Remus nodded towards the doorway where a bag sat.Airakus grinned.  
“Thank you! Merlin I havent had that fair popcorn since we went when I was little!” Airakus
grinned as he hugged Minerva and Poppy , both women smiling.  
“If you guys go back outside dont for get your wands and dont go into the woods its too late
for that” Remus added, Airakus nodding as he side hugged Remus tightly . 
“Course Dad, no problem!” Airakus nodded, turning to leave once more before Remus called
after him.
“Airakus! Draco bunks with you tonight alright? Dont want Luna sleepin with any of you
boys” The man sighed, Sirius looking at Airakus as he sipped his tea loudly once more, his
eyes wide.
“Course” Airakus nodded, Remus smiling to him.  
“Go have fun,” Remus added as Airakus took of f up the stairs to join his friends.
Chapter End Notes
I love this chapter alot becuase Lunas in it, and we get some more veiw into how long
Dracos really been inlove with airakus.  
Also do you guys like Davids character? Because I could like kill him of f or smthn if his
characters just extra chapters for you all (I like him but Im also using him in another
orginial works).  
SOME SEAMUS AND DEAN? DEAN BEING JEAAAAAAALOUS?!!!CHARACTER DESIGNS!!!
Chapter Summary
CHARACTER DESIGNS< NOT REAL CHAPT
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Ive been on a picre binge so hers every chrarcter :))) 
Airakus Rosier all years >>>
11 year old (pre-Hogwarts)
 12 years old (pre-hogwarts) 13 years old, first year at Hogwarts (third year)
 fourth year
 fifth year (current in posting timeline)sixth year
 seventh year (war)
 after war far in the future? idk?
 
Seamus Finnigan (Whos still mostly like he is in the movies)
Draco Malfoy (our king)
Harry Potter , also very alike mvoies becuase young daniel radclif fe is harry potter fr , only not
white :p
Hermione Granger , sometimes when im writing I still see emma watson because her roles so
iconic, but heres a bit more of how I see Hermione.
Dean> still mostly like he is in the movies ngl only hes shorter in my mind.
Nevilleeeeee (i dont rlly like this one but here we are) He also is just him in the mvoie ngl
Theodore Knott, our sweet king
Blaise> Looks how he does in the movie, i butchered this picrew ngl (Pansy made him where
the matching shirt)
Pansyyyyyyyyyyyyy QUEEN
Now for the entire W ealsey family tree...
Ron and Ginny <3
 
Fred and Geor ge <3
 
Bill and Charlie <3
 
Percy and Oliver <3
 
Molly and Arhtur <3
 
 NOW FOR THE MARAUDERS, MY SPECIAL TREA T....
Remus, young and old (David Thewlis is Remus fr but Andrew Garfield as young Mooney
works aswell for the fic)
 
Sirius, young and old (ben barnes fr)
 
James and Pete <333
 
Evan> young and old
 
Those last to have my tiktok, because I posted them all on my tt, along with the other
marauders and slytherin skittles that I didnt include here :p
Hope you guys dont mind this post because it isnt a chapter ..but still CHARACTER
DESIGNS?! and we get to see what Airakus sort of looks like i guess?
Chapter End Notes
Like i said, not rlly a cahpter more of a shit post but go follow the tumblr and tiktok?!The great snowball fight of 1995
Chapter Summary
Just a bit of banter mates? Snow angels, T ruth or Dare and Luna being Luna.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Ah, Aira where do I put my things?” Luna asked, looking around the boys room as she
always did when she visited.
“Bed by the window” Airakus said as he tossed the bags of popcorn at Seamus whos grin
widened wildly , ear to ear , splitting his face in half (Seamus loved popcorn).
“Well then wheres Malfoy sleeping?” Dean asked.  
“With me, Remus wants Luna on her own” Airakus nodded, Seamus grinning at Airakus who
glared at him as he pushed a few of his stuf fed animals and pillows of f his bed to make room
for Malfoy .
Draco stood slightly frozen in the middle of the room, eventually sitting down beside Luna
on the bed near the window as Airakus turned on his record player .
“Music line up tonight, for starters we've got Ziggy Stardust of course, then all the Marc
Bolan I could find, we have Sirius’ s April W ine, Seventeen Seconds, the cure of course,
Hateful hollow , The Smiths obviously , and then we can dig through the records and find the
Beatles!” Airakus grinned, looking up from the stack of records and cds to see Dean, Draco
and Luna looking back at him confused, Seamus grinning excitedly .
“You'll see, these are AMAZING bands!” Airakus exclaimed as he ar gued with Luna about
music around twenty minutes later .
“You and your bloody records, when was the last time you listened to the radio?” Draco
asked.
“Davids today , rather uninteresting music, Mariah Carrey , bloody exhausting” Airakus
sighed.
“Hey , dont disrespect Mariah like that” Dean pointed at Airakus who began laughing along
with Seamus.
They ate the popcorn and listened to David Bowie, moving on to T .rex, then to April W ine. 
By the time Airakus had started playing his cure records Seamus was dead beat bored and
ready to stir something up (as was the norm with Seamus).“Truth or dare! Any takers?” Seamus asked, Airakus nodding as he sat up from the floor ,
leaning against hi bed as Draco and Luna faced the circle.  
Dean was now on his and Seamus’ s bunk, Draco and Luna at the end of the bed near the
window , Airakus and Seamus on the floor .
“Alright, Luna truth or dare?” Seamus grinned, glancing to Dean and then to Airakus, both
boys understanding his motives.
“Truth I suppose” Luna replied.  
“Best to be honest” she mumbled to Draco who nodded slightly as he glanced at Airakus.
“Who do you fancy?” Seamus asked, Luna taking a pause.  
“Well I dunno, there are plenty of lovely people at school. I guess Nevilles sweet, but Ginny’ s
funnier than he is..” Luna sighed as she swung her feet back and forth, Airakus, Dean and
Seamus’ s jaws dropping at her response.
Ginny W easley?  
Airakus didn't even know that Luna was gay?  
Or well, it was sort of obvious he supposed.  
She seemed sort of queer , like those muggles on the news at rallies and stuf f, with their flowy
skirts and big earrings.  
But Luna had never said anything about Ginny before, AIrkaus knew they were friends but
nothing else really .
“Yea, I suppose Neville if I had to fancy someone, but I rather prefer being on my own” Luna
nodded, Seamus’ s face fixing itself, satisfied with her answer .
“Brilliant!” Seamus grinned.  
“Now you go Lunes, ask anyone” Airakus explained to Luna (whom quite clearly didnt
understand the game, along with alot of muggle things).
“Dean, truth and or dare?” Luna asked with a smile, Dean looking at her rather scared before
he answered.  
“Dare I suppose” Dean said, Luna looking around the room as she thought.  
“Eat a Berrie Bots, but you cant spit it out no matter how nasty it is!” Luna grinned.
“Your evil!” Airakus grinned as Dean swallowed nervously , looking at the box of jelly beans
in Draco’ s hand.
“I hope thats not to mean” Luna frowned as she looked at Deans paled expression.
“No, not at all Lunes! Here Dean, ave one of mine!” Draco said as he handed Dean the box,
the boy taking one and popping it in his mouth.
By the look on Deans face had gotten vomit.
“Bloody hell how did I manage a bad one?!” Dean whinged after he had finished his third
glass of water to rid his mouth of the taste.“Oh, Theo taught me this charm that gets all the good ones out of the box for you, I already
ate all of them” Draco nodded, eyes wide in a teasing manner as if the fact he had just shared
was obvious.
“Bloody twat” Dean sighed with a chuckled, Draco smiling.
“Oi, a smart twat!” Draco replied, Dean nodding as he shuf fled a bit, looking around the
room to find his victim.
“Alright, Airakus, truth or dare?” Dean asked with a nod, Airakus laughing slightly as the
other four kids watched him, waiting for his answer .
“Ill go with dare” Airakus replied, Seamus rolling his eyes muttering ‘boring’ which earned
him a kick from Airakus.
 
“I dare you, to scream ‘i love Fionna Finnigan’ at the top of your lungs the next time you see
Seamus;s mum” Dean grinned, Seamus's jaw dropping as Draco, Luna and Airakus all
laughed.
“Why must I suf fer?” Seamus groaned as he tossed a pillow at Dean who laughed in
response.
‘Payback’ Dean mouthed, Seamus rolling his eyes as AIrakus nodded.
They all played for another hour , 11 o'clock striking them all rather suddenly given none of
them were tired (other than Luna who was seemingly always ready for a nap).
“Fancy a walk? Remus said we could go back outside just no forest” AIrkaus yawned as he
sat up from his failed attempt of a cartwheel in the center of the room.
“Sure, I want to see the lights anyways,” Seamus replied with a shrug as he grabbed his
jumper .
“Lights?” Draco and Dean both asked confused, Airakus grinning as he led the group outside.
The northern lights weren't usually visible from where Airakus lived during the winter
months, though given they lived right behind a magical forest they could usually see the
lights year round.
Airakus and Seamus grinned to each other as Dean, Draco and Luna both stared at the sky
above them in awe.
“Bloody brilliant” Dean mumbled, Airakus chuckling as he elbowed his friend in the side.
“Cool innit?” Airakus asked, Dean nodding as he tore his view away from the sky , looking
around for Seamus.He found him, stretched out in the snow , making a snow angel.  
Dean and Airakus joined him, Luna as well as Draco stood there complaining he was cold.
“Oh come make an angel” Airakus rolled his eyes, Draco scof fing as he sat down in the
down, apprehensive waving his arms and legs.
“I feel like an imbecile” Draco scof fed. 
“You look like an imbecile” Seamus rolled his eyes, Draco glaring at the boy , Airakus tossing
snow at Seamus.
That commenced the great snowball fight of 1995.
Chapter End Notes
Sorry for not posting in a week....Ill try to post more, even though I promised I would
last week....  
SOME BANTER WITH THE LADSSSSS, Luna our absolute queen <3  
Also, note that the fic isnt done, so I'm not sure how far I'm planning to take Luna being
into Ginny just yet....New Years Kiss
Chapter Summary
Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, and Drairakus our kings <3
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Seamus and Airakus went upstairs to grab everyone some extra clothes, Luna laying on the
couch as she watched whatever late night movie was playing, Draco and Dean ringing out the
coats and mittens as they tended to the fire and tried their best to dry things of f without
asking AIrkaus to use a charm.
“Oi, Airakus its 1 1:59!” Draco screeched as he rushed into the bedroom, Airakus’ s eyes
going wide as he turned to Seamus.
“GO!” Airakus yelped at his best friend who went tumbling out of the room.
The countdown echoed throughout the house, Remus, Sirius and T onks still up in the kitchen,
Luna playing some news station in the lounge.
Airakus turned to Draco as the boy stopped rather suddenly , looking back at Airakus, wide
eyed.
‘5,4,3,2,1!!!!’ echoed throughout the house, Draco grabbing Airakus’ s face and pulling the
boy into a kiss, Airakus leaning in as he held Draco by his waist.
“Happy new year!” Draco said as he caught his breath, letting go of Airakus’ s face.  
The werewolf stood there stunned for a moment before he smirked.
“Happy new year” He smiled, leaning in and kissing Draco once more.
Just outside the door however , Seamus Finnigan was staring at his best friend eyes wide.
“Happy New Y ear?” Seamus said, Dean staring back at him, both boys beat red.
Moments before, right about when Draco had rushed into the bedroom, Dean had taken of f
after the boy , not feeling all too excited to spend his first moments of 1996 sitting in front of
a fireplace with Luna Lovegood (though he found Luna sweet and preferred her over some
certain people).
Dean had rushed up the stairs to knock into Seamus who had been running straight out of
Airakus’ s bedroom.They stood there, Seamus groaning as he grabbed his head, Dean grabbing the boy's hand as
he glanced down the stairs and then back towards Airakus’ s closed bedroom door before he
turned to his best friend.  
His world.  
His everything.
In natural Seamus Finnigan fashion, the Irish boy glared up at Dean with a scowl.  
“You fucker , that hurt” Seamus chuckled with a smirk, Dean looking at him as he swallowed
whatever nerves he had, and he leaned in.
“HAPPY NEW YEAR!” The house seemingly shook as Dean and Seamus kissed.  
Seamus wasn't sure what had happened, but all he knew was that he had wanted this since
third year . 
Dean pulled back, still holding Seamus's hands as he looked down at the boy in shock, scared
for what his best friend would say .
“Happy new year?” Seamus chuckled, Dean grinning as he laughed, the pair breaking into
giggles as Luna came walking up the stairs.
“Happy New Y ear lads!!! W atch out for that one Dean, his heads full of Nar guls, might latch
onto you!” Luna smiled, making Seamus laugh more, Dean sighing as he caught his breath,
looking at the boy beside him.
Perfect.
 
Airakus slept soundly that night, laying on his stomach, his arm over Draco who was close
beside him.  
This was what he wanted life to be like.  
His friends and family . 
Stuffed in a house.  
Celebrating.  
He really was like his father afterall.
Chapter End Notes
Demaus finnaly kissed, only took hundreds of pages of side shipping  
I posted two days in a row so be proud of me, I know this chaptesr insanely short but I
rpomise the posting will be everyday or so!!!! (take this with a grain of salt im
unreliable).Return to Hogwarts
Chapter Summary
Return to school, bad full moon, Euan Abercrombie and lads being lads.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus had never really understood why Harry , Ron and Neville were obsessed with girls.  
All they talked about was snogging and new years kisses and dates.
As Airakus sat in the great hall, Draco and Seamus across from him, he had an odd feeling
that he understood it now . 
Seamus and Draco had accompanied him to Hogwarts a week early for the full moon, Dean
returning to his moms house for the last bit of break.  
Luna had left January second, rather tired of dealing with the gay people running amuck
about the house.  
Dean had left on the 4th, and Seamus had been complaining since the door had closed behind
him.
“Ah, Mr .Rosier , bringing the whole lot with you I see?” Minnie teased as she walked into the
great hall for dinner that night.  
It was January 6th, the full moon was that night.  
Airakus didn't think he'd ever felt so restless before a moon before.  
And Draco being right there wasn't helping him at all.
“Yea, couldn't bare to leave them alone in my house” Airakus rolled his eyes, Seamus kicking
him under the table as Draco ignored the both of them, eating his dinner as he read the daily
prophet.
As the teachers came in, they all bid hello to the three boys, Airakus explaining to half of the
staff that Seamus and Draco were in fact not also W erewolves, and that they were perfectly
normal students who had nowhere else to go for the rest of the week.
There were a few students who came down for dinner , mostly Huf flpuf fs, only one
Gryffindor . 
They all waved to Airakus and Seamus, giving Draco odd looks, that the boy ignored as they
ate.
 
Airakus wasn't sure if it was bad moon when he woke up in the shack, but after he tried to
stand, he decided it was.  When Madame Pomfrey saw him and gasped.  
He assumed he was in a rather rough state.  
When he woke up on January 8th with a dry mouth and a fuzzy head, he was positive it
hadn't gone well.
“Airakus, finally awake I see, want me to call your friends?” Madame Pomfrey asked,
Airakus furrowing his eyebrows as he drank the potion the medi witch had handed him.
“Bloody hell, who are you and what have you done with Poppy Pomfrey?! Asking to get my
friends???? W illingly?” Airakus asked, flabber gasted by the woman's actions.
“Not like I want Finnigan and Malfoy down here, but both boys seemed rather worried about
you, came here every half hour or so yesterday…” Poppy nodded, Airakus sitting up as she
wandered of f to her of fice to summon the boys.
Seamus and Draco appeared moments later , as if they had been waiting around.  
Airakus soon learned that they actually had been waiting around, sat in the library anxiously
pacing, wondering if he was alive.
“Airakus!” Seamus grinned as he rushed towards Airakus, stopping dead at the edge of his
bed when he saw AIrakus shuf fling to sit up.
“Hey mate, alright?” Airakus asked, Seamus nodding as he turned around for a moment,
holding his breath,  
Draco stopped as well, beside Seamus, closer to Airakus though he was staring at Airakus,
eyes wide.
“What is it?” Airakus chuckled as he looked down.  
His shirt was of f, his stomach wrapped in gauze and a plaster .
“Oh” Airakus said as he looked at the blood stained wrap.  
He really had done a number on himself eh?
“Darling, your so bloody ho…” Draco began, Seamus hitting him in the side to get him to
shut up.
“Ew.” Seamus sighed, Draco rolling his eyes as he sat down on the edge of his bed, rubbing
the W erewolves shoulder where it ussualy hurt, just the right way to make it feel better . 
Seamus sat on the end of Airakus's cot, looking at his best friend, wrapped up like a bloody
Christmas present on crack.
“Whats been bothering you?” Seamus asked, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows.
“What?” Airakus replied, furrowing his eyebrows towards his best mate.
“You usually only have bad moons when your angry , or when somethings on your mind…
and this seems pretty bad. Whats wrong?” Seamus asked nervously .
“Actually this might have been something else, we think your stomach was irritated from
those scabs healing over from last full moon, I doubt this was emotion driven, hes beenhappier than a little kid on Christmas these past few weeks.” Poppy added from the next bed
over where she was collecting empty bottles.
“Scabs from last moon?” Seamus asked, Airakus sighing.  
“Yea, ripped myself up pretty good in December , tried to keep it together though, what with
the holidays and everything” Airakus sighed, avoiding looking at Draco or Seamus who
would both tell him the same thing.
Seamus grabbed Airakus's ankle, shaking his leg with a sigh.  
“You bloody twat, you've got to tell us when somethings wrong!” Seamus said.  
Airakus nodded.
He wasn't sure when Seamus and Draco had become us.  
But he was happy it was an us now instead of just me.  
That they were friends now .
“I will I will,” Airakus groaned as he shuf fled in his seat, sitting up more as Draco rubbed his
shoulder some more.
‘Promise?” Seamus asked, sticking out his pinky . 
“Promise.” Airakus nodded as he swore on it, interlocking his finger with Seamus’ s.
“Oh, heres something fun to talk about, Dean wrote Seamus!” Draco grinned, Seamus
groaning as he collapsed backwards, falling of f the bed and clattering his head on the ground.
“MR.FINNIGAN! HOW DO YOU MANAGE T O DO THA T IN THE HOSPIT AL WING?!”
Madame Pomfrey groaned as she rushed over to Seamus, tossing him an ice pack and casting
a charm.
“Anyways, Dean wrote an entire bloody essay about how much he missed Seamus as if they
weren't together three days ago.” Draco rolled his eyes, Seamus scof fing. 
“As if you two can go three days, besides, we haven't really talked about anything yet, not
since new years,” Seamus sighed as he rubbed his head annoyed.
“Oh right, I for got that you snogged him and then laughed, amateur ,” Airakus rolled his eyes,
teasing his best friend.
“I do recall you yelling after me that you'd ‘see me tomorrow’, so..” Draco retaliated for
Seamus who grinned as Airakus rolled his eyes.
‘Yea, you bloody ran away ya wuss” Airakus scof fed, Draco squeezing his shoulder roughly ,
the boy seething as Draco kissed his shoulder lightly . 
Immediate for giveness.
“At least Dean didn't run away…I think he was thinking about it for a bit though, he didnt
fall asleep for hours” Seamus said, looking from Draco to Airakus rather worried.
"Oh dont worry Seamus, Deans in love with you, took me months to convince him to do
something about it” Airakus scof fed, Seamus nodding a bit as Madame Pomfrey came over tochange Airakus’ s wrap and heal the rest of the cuts up.
Seamus and Draco stood of f to the side to let her work.  
When she took of f the wrap, Draco nearly fainted, gripping Seamus’ s arm so hard that he was
cutting of f circulation.
Airakus’ s entire stomach and part of his ribcage was shredded to bits, bloody staining not
only the plasters but his skin as well.
Madame Pomfrey cast a few charms and it looked rather better , though the silver and pink
streaks ran across his stomach in zigzags that were rather unavoidable.
“It may hurt for a few weeks I'm afraid. I'll make sure to put some gauze and charms on the
area next moon if it isn't fully healed by then.” Poppy tutted, Airakus nodding as he gritted
his teeth from the pain of the plasters being put on.
It stung rather badly . 
He hated being a W erewolf.  
Bloody nuisance.
Seamus and Draco walked Airakus down to the great hall, the boys on either side of him.  
It was lunch time by now , so alot of the other students were already there.  
A few Huf flpuf fs, that first year Gryf findor , two Ravenclaws and nobody other than Draco in
Slytherin.
The three boys sat down at the end of Gyrf findor table, filling their plates (Airakus stacking
his to the bloody ceiling as he wolfed it down).
Around twenty minutes into their meal, that first year came up across from the trio, standing
behind Airakus who was across from Draco and Seamus, giving him optimal space to chow
down.  
“H..Hi, Im Euan, Im erm..a first year and I was..Ive been eating alone all holiday , and I was
wondering...if I could sit with you because we....we're in the same house and all,” Euan
nodded to himself, as if he had been proud he had manage a sentence around the two most
infamous boys in fight year .
Seamus and Draco turned to Airakus, well aware that he would be the first o answer the boys
request.
“Course Euran, I'm Airakus, sit on down, don't want the food getting cold!” Airakus grinned
to the boy who sat quickly with about a hundred mumbled thankyous.
“So, how come you stayed for Christmas?” Airakus asked, the boy looking across the table to
Draco, wide eyed with terror .
“We’re erm..I…Im muggle born and well, my parents are Jewish so we dont celebrate
Christmas, and well, we dont really do Hanukkah or any of that so I just stayed here,” Euan
said as he looked from Airakus to Draco worriedly , as if mentioning muggles around the
claimed ‘slytherin prince’ would enrage the boy .“Oh thats a shame, must suck spending weeks here alone” Airakus frowned.
“Yea, didnt do much since I was all by myself” Euan sighed with a slight frown.
“Well..” Airakus thought, and then he got an idea.
When Airakus Rosier got ideas, his friends tended to find excuses not to participate.  
There were no excuses for Seamus or Draco that day .
 
“Pleaaaase Minerva, just this once, he doesn't even celebrate Christmas, didn't get a single
treat all holiday!” Airakus pleaded with his head out house, who was shaking her head
annoyed as she attempted to walk away from Airakus, Seamus, Draco and the little first year
who were chasing her down.
“No Mr .Rosier , you cannot take a first year student with no permission to Hogsmeade for the
day just because you bloody well feel like it!" Minerva sighed as she opened the door to her
office, Airakus groaning.
“I didn't want to do this Minerva, but I’ll tell Poppy about what you said Christmas dinner ,
about her casserole!” Airakus taunted, Mcgonagol stopping dead in her tracks as she turned
around.
“You wouldn't dare!” Minerva glared at Airakus who merely shrugged in response.
 
“A trip to Hogsmeade with my young friend Mr .Abercrombie would help the memory slip
my mind” Airakus smirked as he put his hands up in defence, Minnie scof fing as she nodded.
“Fine. But if you get caught, I wasn't involved!” She stuck he hands up, mocking Airakus as
she closed the door to her of fice, Airakus turning around with a satisfied smirk, Euan
grinning ear to ear as he looked between the three fifth years ecstatically .
Hogsmeade was basically empty . 
January 6th at 3pm the boys were in Honeydukes, Euan in his glory as he stacked candy in
his hands.
“You sure you dont mind paying? Really the trips enough I dont neeed sweets!” Euan asked
Draco for the millionth time, the blonde boy standing in his favourite blue jumper and
mittens, looking down at the happy little boy with a content smile.
“Dont worry about it buddy , Ill pay , I need to get more chocolate anyways!” Draco nodded as
Euan grinned, rushing of f to grab more lollipops.
“You dont eat chocolate” Airakus added to Draco who rolled his eyes in response.
“Someone needs to be your supplier ,” Draco smiled, Airakus putting an arm over Draco’ s
shoulder , squeezing the boy as they waited for Euan to be done his rampage (Seamusfollowing him about to hold his candy).
Draco payed for Euan’ s candies, leaving the shop with the over hyped first year who had
never been to a wizard town other than Diogan Alley before.
“Butterbeer and then back to the castle for dinner?” Seamus asked, Airakus and Draco
nodding.  
“Whats butterbeer?” Euan asking with furrowed brows, Airakus and Seamus’ s jaws dropping
as Draco chuckled.
"Your about to find out!” Draco laughed, Euan looking rather nervous as Airakus and Seamus
rushed him into the three broomsticks, Draco ordering the butterbeers as the four boys sat
down in a booth together .
By the time they arrived back at the castle, Euan was properly sugar filled, gleefull and tired
from his butterbeer .
“That was bloody amazing! Thankyou!” Euan grinned as they made their way down the
corridor , Airakus and Seamus bounding ahead of Draco and the little first year as they danced
about.
“No need to thank me, its all those two, bloody Gryf findors," Draco chuckled, Euan grinning,
his missing front teeth making his smile adorable.  
Draco smiled back as he swung the bag of chocolates at his side.
“You know , all of my friends said you were scary , but your really nice actually!” Euan added
as he glanced at Draco from the side of his eye.
“Really? Keep that a secret for me will ya? Im only nice to my friends.” Draco added, Euan
grinning in awe.  
“So we’re friends then?!” Euan smiled as he asked Draco, the Slytherin nodding with a warm
smile as he held the door to the great hall open for the little boy .
Euan rushed of f a bit later , not staying for all of dinner , thanking them all at least a million
more times.
“Your a bloody softie, bought him sweets, payed for his butterbeer , bloody told him you were
friends?!” Seamus teased, Draco rolling his eyes.
“He was adorable, what did you expect me to do?” Draco chuckled, trying to hide his smile.
“No, your adorable, I am going to marry you I swear to god!” Airakus groaned, Draco
blushing as he rolled his eyes, taking a sip of his pumpkin juice as Seamus talked about how
much snow he had stuf fed in his boots from the race with Euan he had participated in on the
walk back to the castle.
“So boys, any of you care to explain where you, or Mr .Abercrombie got any of their goods?”
Umbridge asked as she stopped behind Airakus and Seamus, glaring at the three boys.“Christmas present mame, from me,” Draco nodded, Umbridge looking over to see Draco
sitting with Airakus and Seamus.  
Her eyes widened slightly before she nodded.
“Ah, Mr .Malfoy , of course, well then, enjoy your dinner” The woman nodded as she scurried
off out of the great hall.
“What was that about?” Airakus asked through a mouthful of food, Draco sighing.  
“Shes scared of my Father , and mother for merlins sake, well aware I could get her fired if I
told Lucius dearest she was a bitch” Draco sighed, Seamus’ s eyebrows raising as Airakus
looked at Draco concerned, knocking their shoes together under the table as he finished of f
his dinner .
Talking about his dad had become more of a sensitive subject since the world cup.  
Since that ar gument they had gotten into in the ministers box.  
Draco took a deep breath as he handed Airakus a chocolate frog, the boy grinning as he
pulled out the card.
“HEADMASTER! I'VE GOT YOUR CHOCOLA TE FROG CARD!” Airakus called up at
Dumbedlore who smiled back at him.
“How wonderful” The old man replied, Seamus and Draco groaning at their mate as Airakus
stuffed the card into his pocket, eating the frog quickly before it hopped away .
Chapter End Notes
I absolutely adore this chapter . Ive been waiting to post it since I wrote it so im so happy
im finally done!  
Euan is a cutie patootie, ill try and remember to add him in again but it might end up
being a one of f given I completely for get about characters sometimes.  
Anyways, props to me for psoting three days in a row????!!!!!!!!Talk
Chapter Summary
Return to Hogwarts for the rest of the students, Airakus being confused, Harrys
nightmare and a rather fundamental moment with Dumbledore.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The day that the train arrived at Hogwarts, Draco sat at the Slytherin table.  
Airakus and Seamus, with Euan of course, waited for Harry , Hermione, Ron and the others to
pour back into the great hall from the train, though Airakus felt odd.  
He had just spent nearly a month with Draco.  
Everyday with Draco.  
Talking to Draco.  
Sitting with Draco.  
Eating with Draco.  
Kissing Draco.
Now they were back to secrets.  
Airakus knew that this was just the way it had to be.  
But it hurt him to settle back into the days without Draco.
Seamus was sitting, basically shaking in his seat as he stared at the door , waiting impatiently
for Dean to arrive.  
He was feeling quite the opposite of AIrkaus.  
He was excited for the secret.  
He was excited to sneak around.  
But Seamus didnt have to hide the fact that him and Dean were friends.  
So it seemed easier to Airakus, who was watching Draco, Pansy and Theo across the great
hall, a pit growing in his stomach as Blaise, Crabbe and Goyle sat across from the three,
blocking Airakus's view of Draco.  
His boyfriend.
“Airakus!” Harry grinned as he rushed over , Ginny and Hermione behind him, Ron with
Dean a few steps behind the three.
“Hazza!” Airakus grinned as he moved over to make room for Harry to sit down, the boy
sitting with a smile as Hermione took the spot across from them, Ginny sticking with her .
“How was your New Y ears?” He asked Airakus, the boy glancing at Seamus who was staring
at him wide eyed.“Good, you?” Airakus replied, Harry sighing.  
“It was alright, not as fun as usual, we’ve got to spend it together every year from now on,
Rons a bloody shite host” Harry chuckled, Ron rolling his eyes.
“Airakus, how was the moon?” Hermione asked from across the table, looking at Airakus
rather worriedly . 
His stomach was mostly healed now , but he still needed to wear the wraps so they didnt open
back up.  
And it still stung to bend over , or move at all.  
But he was fine.  
It had been worse before.
“Fine” Airakus replied, lying straight to the girls face before Dumbledore stood to give his
speech.
After the feast, the boys all headed back to their dorm for their late night chats that tended to
occur after breaks from school.  
Airakus was laying on the floor , eating a bar of chocolate that Draco had given him a few
hours ago, Seamus sitting with Neville on Airakus’ s bed as Dean, Harry and Ron changed out
of their robes and into their pyjamas, sitting down around the others as they tossed candy
from the train at each other .
“So, Harry , what did Cho say?!” Ron asked, Harry going beat red as he stuf fed a chocolate
frog into his pocket.
‘WHA T!? YOU ASKED HER FOR REAL?!?!?!?!” Airakus exclaimed as he sat up, reaching
for Harry who quickly dodged the other boy .
“Yes, she said shed go to Hogsmeade with me for V alentines day actually!” Harry smiled
sheepishly , the boys all hooting with laughter as Harry blushed annoyed.
“How was your break then lads? Only came round once bloody time” Harry changed the
subject, turning to Seamus and Airakus who both froze up slightly . 
Airakus was about to speak when Dean started talking.  
The part that he wasn't supposed to mention slipped out.
“What do you mean you went round for New Y ears? I thought you couldnt have anyone
round this year!?” Harry asked, furrowing his eyebrows as he glanced between Dean and
Airakus.
“No, I said that I couldnt have you lot round, Dumbledore didnt want anyone leaving the
Weasleys” Airakus replied, which in all honesty was the truth.  
They werent supposed to tell Neville or Dean about the order of the phoenix, or Grimmauld
place.
“Well then why on bloody earth didnt you lot come round?” Ron asked, confused as ever ,
Airakus groaning as Seamus reminded Ron that Dean was with them in the most subtle way
possible, both Ron and Harry nodding.“Yea, it was fun though, went skating, Luna was there, and and….” Dean paused as he
gleaned at Airakus who’ s eyes had gone wide once more.
“Yea it was fun” Dean mumbled, Neville sighing.  
“Lucky , you got to spend time with Luna” Neville added, the other boys laughing as he
blushed slightly .
They talked for about another hour or so, Airakus and Seamus staying up past he rest of them
before Airakus returned to his bunk.  
He listened to Seamus crawl out of bed and go sit with Dean for a good bloody hour or so
before returning to his own four poster and finally going to sleep.  
Bloody poofs the lot of them.
Airakus was restless as ever . 
He wasnt tired.  
He was more ener getic than he had been all week.
He stood, leaving his bed to go get a glass of water and possibly more chocolate that he
stashed away under Nevilles bed, when he heard Harry shuf fling around in his bed.  
His blood was boiling, as if he had a fever , and AIrkaus could hear him mumbling
no,no,no,no over and over again.
He assumed it was nightmares as per usual.  
Then the boy screamed, sitting up rather abruptly , waking their entire dorm.
“Harry whats wrong?” Airakus asked as he rushed to rip back the curtains, to reveal a
sweating, pale Harry looking rather shaken.
 
“Dumbledore, I need to talk to Dumbledore now!” Harry said as he basically jumped out of
bed, grabbing his sweatshirt as he rushed out of their dorm.  
‘Weasley cmon, you lot go get Mcgonagol!” Airakus demanded, Ron rushing after him as
Airakus bolted out of the dorm after Harry .
 
“In the dream, were you standing next to the victim, or looking down at the scene?”
Dumbledore asked, pacing his of fice as Airakus stood to the side of Harry , the boy sat in the
chair in front of the old mans desk looking rather pale.
“Neither it was like..” Harry paused.  
‘Will you please just tell me whats happening?!” He asked for the millionth time,
Dumbledore turning to a portrait that had just returned.
“Everard, Arthurs on guard duty tonight, make sure hes found by the right people!”
Dumbledore nodded, the man in the portrait dissapearing once more.
“Sir” Harry tried for the hundreth time.‘Phinieus, go to your portrait…” Dumbledore instructed.
“Sir” Harry tried again.
“Tell them his children will be arriving by port key” Dumbledore ordered, the man
disappearing.
“Sir” Harry tried again.  
“Theyve got him Albus, it was close but they think he’ll make it!” The original portrait
returned, Dumbledore sighing from relief.
“Thank merlin, once more the dark lord has failed to acquire..”
“Sir” Harry tried again.
“ah thank goodness, next we need to”
“ALBUS!” Airakus yelled, Dumbledore stopping his words as he turned slowly to the two
boys standing in front of him.
“Whats happening to me?” Harry snapped, sweat dripping from his forehead.
Ron, Ginny , Fred and Geor ge were sent back to Grimmauld to be with Mr .Weasley . 
Harry was whisked away by Snape.  
AIrkaus was standing in Dumbledores of fice.
“Headmaster , whats Severus going to do to him?” Airakus asked, Dumbledore sipping his tea
as he sat down in his chair , Airakus standing in front of him, tapping his finger on the desk.
“Headmaster please,” Airakus repeated, Dumbledore pacing his tea down on the table.
“Must you always call him Severus? If Umbridge heard you she'd have an entire article
written about the level of disrespect we allow here over night,” Dumbledore sighed,
Airakus’ s eyes going wide as he stood straighter .
“I respect people who earn my respect. Its quite arrogant you think that hes earned that what
so ever .” Airakus scof fed as a response.
“Now if you value the respect I so graciously give you Headmaster , what is he doing to my
bloody brother?!” Airakus demanded, Dumbledore looking at the boy with a soft smile on his
face.
“Hes going to practice Occlumency with Mr .Potter , to train him to keep Lord V oldemort out
of his mind. W e thought it would be months until the dark lord could penetrate young
Mr.Potter so easily , but the time has come rather sooner than we suspected” Dumbledore
explained as he watched Airakus intently , the boy looking back at him with stif f shoulders.
“Is there anything you need me to do Headmaster? I can floo back to Grimmauld and be with
the W easleys, I can help Kingsley with the prophecy , I can do..I can help Harry , I can….”Airakus tried, but he found himself unable to prove any real reason for him to be standing in
his headmasters of fice at two in the bloody morning.
“Go to bed Mr .Rosier , you have classes in the morning, and I suspect Mr .Potter will need
extra help at the next DA meeting what with his situation,” Dumbledore nodded, Airakus
taking in a breath.  
Of course Dumbledore knew bout the DA.  
Because the bloody mad man knew everything.
Airakus nodded as he turned, crossing Dumbledores of fice back to the stairs before the old
man stopped him.
“Airakus, make sure Mr .Malfoy is aware of whats happened here tonight.” Dumbledore
added, Airakus nodding.
“Goodnight Albus” Airakus mumbled as he stormed down the staircase, rage pouring our of
him as he made his way back to Gryf findor tower .
Chapter End Notes
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH kings.  
Im trying to hone in on angsty Harry here guys, give me time...i didnt want to take away
that scene when he yells at everyone, because its an important part in Harrys character ,
but we needed some Airakus in there as well, and im trying to build the image of them
relying on one another . 
Also be proud of me posting so much this week (Its because im sick and therefore
havent gone to school or seen my mates since Friday).Re-lit
Chapter Summary
Aftermath of the nightmare, busy day , responsibilities from Hagrid and a chat with
Draco that fixed everything.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus didnt sleep at all that night.  
He waited for Harry to get back.  
The boy manage to make it in around 4am, collapsing onto his bed, out of breath and
exhausted.  
Airakus stifled a breathy laugh as he tried to sleep.  
Dumbledore really thought V oldemort would wait to use Harry .
Bastards the lot of them.
The next morning, classes started.  
Airakus waited around for Harry , the boy silently heading to lessons with them.  
Ron and the rest of the W easleys werent back yet, everyone wondering what had happened.  
Harry told Hermione at breakfast, the girl seemingly holding back tears.  
In Potions, Airakus sat in his usual spot, practically shaking.  
Snape wasnt there yet, and Harry seemed like he was ready to kill the slimy man when he
walked into the classroom.
“Enjoying your book Rosier?” Draco asked as he took his seat, glancing up at the Prof fesor
as Snape began writing instructions on the chalkboard.
“Not really , I need to talk to you tonight, its important” Airakus replied, Draco’ s face
becoming covered with confusion and worry as he brushed his hand over Airakus's on the
table.
“Alright, our spot after dinner?” Draco whispered back, Airakus glancing to Harry .
“Cant after dinner , got a DA meeting, how about after rounds?” Airakus asked, Draco
nodding as he opened the textbook.
He knew Hermione had told him to bring Malfoy to the next meeting.  
But he couldnt yet.  
Not with Harry this worked up.  
Not with Ron and all the W easleys being gone.  
He'd wait until everything settled down.After Potions, Airakus spent a rather long time talking with his friends.  
He wanted to make sure that Harry was alright leaving Potions, especially with the vague
explanation Dumbledore had given Airakus the night before about what Snape would be
doing.
Occlumency was a dangerous thing if you weren't a practiced Legilemens.  
Airakus assumed Snape was one, but that meant Snape was digging up all of Harry’ s
memories.  
Snape would know things about Harry that Harry didn't want him to know .
“You alright Potter?” Airakus asked right before he left to head to Care Of Magical
Creatures.
“Yea, yea I’ll be fine, thanks Air” Harry replied as he turned and walked of f with Ron,
Airakus basically running to meet the Slytherins the minute Harry and the others were out of
sight.
“Oi, Theo, Pansy!” Airakus grinned as he wrapped an arm around two of the wizards, Draco
to Pansy’ s other side, rolling his eyes.
“Long time no bloody see” Theo replied as he clasped Airakus's shoulder as the werewolf let
go of his two friends.
“Yea, how was Christmas with the bloodhound?” Pansy asked, nodding to Draco who scof fed
as Airakus shook his head and widened his eyes teasingly .
They walked to Hagrids, Airakus and Pansy making fun of one another as Theo and Draco
walked ahead of them.  
When they got there, Airakus was swept away by the game keeper to help manage some of
the other creatures for the younger students, leaving Draco, Theo and Pansy to the new
creature they had to deal with.
After lessons, Airakus had to rush of f, needing to find Harry and prepare for the DA meeting
that night.
“No goodbye then?” Theo called after Airakus as the tall boy , with a Nif fler on his shoudler ,
his bag slung over the other rushed past the three on the way back to the castle.
“GOTT A CHECK ON HARR Y!” Airakus called back as he dashed across the lawn, Theo
sighing as he turned to Draco and Pansy .
“Remind me why hes friends with those gits?” Theo asked, Pansy shrugging as Draco
scoffed. 
"Remind me why hes friends with us?" Pansy added, raising an eyebrow to Malfoy who
shook her of f.
Airakus nearly broke the door to the dormitory of f its hinges when he swung it open, tossing
his bag beside his bed as he pulled out his wand with a sigh.He had to watch Hagrids baby Nif fler. 
Airakus then spent the next twenty minutes trying to conjure a cage until Dean came upstairs
and finally did it for him.
“Oi, we’ve got a new pet lads” Airakus sighed when the others got back, Seamus grinning as
he rushed towards the cage, Neville smiling as he followed Sea.  
Harry didnt say anything, he just walked into the dorm and towards his bed, tossing his books
aside as he grabbed his wand from his pocket and tossed it onto his nightstand, collapsing
onto his bed with a groan.
“Alright Harry?” Dean asked, Harry not responding just rolling his eyes as he buried his face
in the pillow .
Airakus played with the Nif fler a bit longer , giving the creature some coins to play with
before he closed the cage, tossing a blanket over top of it as he walked over to Harry’ s bed,
collapsing on top of his friend in a bear hug.
“Aw mate get of f your crushing me!” Harry laughed, Airakus grinning as he eventually stood,
ushering Harry out of bed.
“Cmon Hazza, dinners nearly ready , im starved” Airakus exclaimed as he nodded to Seamus
who grabbed his robes and followed AIrkaus and Harry out of the dorm, Dean and Neville
not to far behind them.
 
Airakus stood in the room of requirement, wand in hand as Harry and Hermione went back
and forth about how to separate the students.
Harry , alike Airakus, wanted to seperate them by their ability levels, just how Remus had
when he had a study club in his fifth year of Hogwarts.  
It seemed more strategic, and allowed people who were improving faster continue to
improve.
Hermione wanted them separated by years.
They had been ar guing for twenty minutes before the first group of students arrived for the
meeting.
“We’re doing it by skill Mione, your not the one teaching” Harry snarled as he went to greet
the third years who had just snuck in, Airakus and Ron sharing an exaggerated sigh as they
followed him.  
Airakus had been right not to bring Malfoy that night, given Harry was the furthest on the
edge he could be the entire meeting,
Airakus wasn't too pleased that he had to sneak away from his friends when Harry was
positively not in a state to be left alone, but he needed to tell Draco what was going on.  
And he missed him.  A lot.  
But that was besides the point.
He arrived in the empty charms classroom just after the blonde boys rounds had ended.  
There sat Draco, blue sweater in all, sitting on a desk, looking out the window waiting for
him.
“Dray” Airakus nearly whispered as he crossed the room, grabbing the Slytherin and pulling
him in.  
Draco froze as Airakus hugged him longingly , before hugging back out of pure desperation.  
Airakus hadn't realized how much he had missed Draco.  
It hadnt even been a month since they had returned, only a few days to be realistic, but the
warmth of that hug had re-lit something inside Airakus that had been dimming in the past few
hours.
“I missed you” Airakus mumbled, Draco smirking to himself as he rolled his eyes, pulling
away slightly so that they were face to face.
“You saw me in Creatures,” Draco replied, Airakus rolling his eyes as he pulled Draco back
in, hugging the boy more softly that time.
Draco stood there, enveloped by Airakus’ s warmth as his mind raced.
“Ive got to explain what happened, Dumbledore told me to tell you” Airakus sighed, Draco’ s
eyebrows furrowing as the other boy let go of him.
Airakus wasnt sure how much Draco knew . 
If the boy knew about the prophecy at all.  
Harry didn't.  
Airakus doubted Draco did.  
He had been told to keep it a secret.  
For the ‘greater good’ as Dumbledore had put it.
“Harry’ s been having nightmares, they think that hes trying to take over his brain, V oldemort
that is..” Airakus explained as he and Draco sat in the windowsill across from each other ,
Airakus lighting his cigarette as he avoided looking at the Slytehrin.
Draco was staring at Airakus, eyes wide, tight lipped.  
He hadnt thought it was possible for the dark lord to take control over Harry’ s mind from
across the country . 
Not like he cared about Potter . 
But at the same time he didnt want the boy to die…
“Are they teaching him occlumency then, Severus mentioned something about it earlier
today…” Draco replied, taking in a deep breath as Airakus nodded, passing Draco the
cigarette.
Draco looked at the ciggy , taking it from the werewolves hand with a sigh, taking a long drag
before handing it back, coughing as he did so.“Im worried about him…Harry hes..hes been being weird, quieter than usual. I guess I
thought hed stay the same, optimistic and all, but he…he snapped at Dumbledore after I
yelled to get the bastards attention…” Airakus sighed as he tucked Draco’ s loose hair behind
the boys ear , looking at him softly as he tried not to get too upset over it all.
“Im sure hes properly angry , Dumbledore has been avoiding him all term and you know it”
Draco nodded, Airakus bobbing his head in agreement as he let his hand fall to Draco’ s knee.
“Yea, I suppose, its just all rather shit isnt it. How hes the one dealing with it all yet he doesnt
get to go to meetings or any of that?” Airakus proposed, Draco nodding with furrowed
eyebrows.
“Yea I thought it was odd he wasnt in the order , but I get that they’re trying to protect him..”
Draco added, rolling his eyes in typical Malfoy fashion as AIrakus scof fed.
“To hell with Harry , what about us?” Airakus added, Draco looking to his right, to AIrakus,
Harry’ s unbiological brother , one of Potters best mates, with his eyebrows raised.
“You starting to sound like me Airakus, are you sure you werent supposed to be in
Slytherin?” Draco teased, Airakus grinning as he leaned in, pecking Draco quickly as he
flashed his eyebrows,
“Nope, Gryf findor for life darling, your the mean one.” Airakus smirked, taking a drag from
the cig, Draco smiling as he peered out the window at the passing clouds as the moon
gleamed in the sky .
“Darling” Draco mumbled with as scof f as Airakus leaned back in his spot, rambling on
about what had happened with Arthur , and why Ron hadnt been in classes that day .
Re-lit.
Chapter End Notes
We live for our kings being chainsmokers like their stupid parents, also absolute kings
being so sweet.  
WE DESPISE SNAPE, like I get it, he loved Lily blah blah, but I dont like his character
and I will stand by that, along with the Dumbledore disrespect like Evan would be proud
of Airakus for doing that last chapter the absolute king.  
Drairakus guys, we live.If you can convince them thats a bruise and not a love bite....
Chapter Summary
Draco and Airakus, the room of requirement and an interesting conversation with the
lads at dinner . 
Bit of a smut warning ngl but in a bro way .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Ron returned on the 19th of January , more than a week after the attack.  
Airakus’ s senses were already heightened, and he wasnt sure if it was from the new moon
which was the next night, or if he was just going crazy . 
He assumed it was both.
“Oi mate, how was the family?” Dean asked as Ron smiled at him, tossing his bag onto his
four poster as he tugged of f his jumper , grabbing his robes.  
It was nearly the end of breakfast when Ron,Dean and AIrakus arrive din the great hall,
Seamus scolding Airakus and Dean for taking so long given both boys said they'd be a few
minutes.
It was a Friday , Airakus spending class tossing a paper ball at Seamus and joking around with
Ron (who he had secretly missed quite a lot).
“Enjoying your book Malfoy?” Airakus grinned as he sat down in Potions later that very
same day , Draco rolling his eyes with a subtle smirk to Airakus as he ignored the boy .
Airakus cut the ingredients as Draco stirred the potion, thinking about Ron and the W easleys.  
He had really missed the twins, it being rather boring without the funniest boys in the school
around.  
He had missed Ron as well, and he knew Luna had missed Ginny given she had been
complaining about it since the girl had left, though Airakus wasn't sure if it were driven by
her subtle crush or just the fact that she missed her friend.
Airakus glanced over to Ron and Harry who were laughing about something together , Snape
sneering at them, making them quiet up as Harry looked over to Airakus with a smile.
“You ok?” Harry mouthed to Airakus, nodding at Draco who was watching the potion,
stirring it perfectly as he tended to do.
“Yea, you?” Airakus replied in a whisper , Harry nodding with a soft smile.  
Airakus was glad that Harry had been doing rather better . 
He had been talking again, though he hadnt had a session with Snape since that T uesday . It was rather idiotic that he wasnt there each day , though Airakus knew it was mentally
exhausting to practice occulemency everyday .
“Been to Hogsmeade since you got back from Christmas? I hear honeydukes ran out of
bloody chocolate right before the first weekend and everyone was furious!” Pansy laughed as
Airakus walks with her , Draco and Theo down towards the greenhouses nearest Hagrids hut,
their class taking place indoors until the temperatures got more suitable for them to be
outside.
“Yea that was out fault” Airakus chuckled, glancing at Draco whos eyes went wide.  
Shit, right.  
Pansy didnt know that they had been here early , or that Draco had spent Christmas with
Airakus, or that Airakus was a werewolf.  
A lot of things needed for that comment to make any sense.
“I assumed so, bloody chocolate addict you are!” Pansy replied as she continued walking,
Airakus letting out a breath of relief as Draco laughed, Pansy rolling her eyes at the boys as
Theo chased after her .
“Today , we’re gonna be startin to take care of these!” Hagrid grinned as he lifted a cage in
front of the class.  
They were all sitting at their tables as they tended to, Hagrid holding a cage with a Horklump
inside, the small mushroom like creature, its pointy hair poking through the cage as it tried to
kick Hagrid through the bars.
“Anybody know what this is then?” Hagrid asked, nobody raising their hand.  
Airakus sighed as he looked at Hagrid who shook his head at he boy , well aware that Airakus
knew the answer .
“This, is a Horklump…” Hagrid explained what the little creature was, and then gave each
student a small Horklump, telling them they needed to take notes on their behaviour , and
write a paper about the Horklump based of f their notes and books from the library .
“Hate to be given you lot work but its too cold to be outside with the creatures” Hagrid
huffed, a few students nodding as they turned to their tables.
“Fancy writing mine Airy? Ill pay you!” Theo of fered, looking at the small prickly
mushroom, his face covered in distaste.
“Buy me a chocolate bar and I’ll do it for free!” Airakus chuckled, Theo grinning as he
closed his notebook, Draco and Pansy rolling their eyes at him before he opened it again,
shamefully etching down a note about how ugly the Horklump was.
After Care Of Magical Creatures, Pansy left to go find Blaise, Theo rushing after her in
typical Theo fashion, leaving Draco and Airakus down in the greenhouses.
“I dont want to leave but its bloody cold down here” Draco shivered, rubbing his hands
together as he pushed the door open, allowing Airakus to rush through as they strode side by
side through the greenhouses, headed towards the castle.“Well, I know a good spot..” Airakus began, Draco rolling his eyes.
“Charms room is being used for Flitwicks extra help hours until dinner .” Draco reminded
Airakus who smirked down at the blonde boy .
“I know a better spot!” Airakus grinned, glancing around them as he took Draco’ s hand,
dragging the boy down a dif ferent corridor towards the spiral staircases that led upstairs.
“Theres no DA meeting tonight, might as well start coming here if we get a better seat that
those bloody wooden chairs,” Airakus grinned as he opened the door that had just appeared
in the wall, Draco smirking as he entered the Room Of Requirement, glancing around to
make sure nobody saw them go inside.
Airakus stood near the door of the Room Of Requirement looking at the room that usually
became a lar ge arena like area, perfect for the DA meetings.
Instead of the usual DA room, Airakus was seemingly standing in his common room, a
fireplace, a sofa and a bed placed around the red carpeted room, the fireplace roaring.
“Thank god its warm in here!” Draco grinned as he rushed ahead of Airakus, kneeling in
front of the fireplace as he took of f his gloves and winter robes, leaving him in his uniform as
he rubbed his hands together .
Airakus crossed the room, sitting down on the couch behind Draco with a sigh, the other boy
turning and sitting on the couch as he grabbed the pillow , inspecting the fuzzy green couch
intrigued.
“Well what do you wanna d…” Airakus began, but was caught of f guard by Draco’ s lips on
his. 
He didn't complain.
“Wont Pansy and the others wonder why you arn't back yet?” Airakus asked, pausing with
furrowed brows as Draco pulled on his tie, kissing him again more eagerly . 
Airakus was now supporting himself, his hands on either side of Draco’ s shoulders as Malfoy
unbuttoned the top of his shirt, kissing his neck as Airakus chuckled, his adams apple
bobbing as he did so.
“No, they’ll just ask me about it later” Draco replied, catching Airakus's mouth again as the
two boys kissed rigorously , their tounges fighting as Airakus’ s hands made their way to
Draco’ s hips again, pulling him closer as the Slytherin ran his hands through Airakus’ s hair .
Airakus rammed his hips down with a small whimper as Draco sucked on the sweet spot
behind his ear . 
Draco’ s head fell back onto the pillow as he whimpered slightly , the noise going straight to
Airakus’ s lust as he did it again, their hips hitting one anothers roughly .
“Merlin, do that again!” Draco pleaded, Airakus rolling his hips down into Draco’ s once
more before Draco started doing it back, just like that night in the astronomy tower .“Well, very Slytherin of you, leading me here to seduce me” Draco rolled his eyes as he
buttoned on his shirt, Airakus fixing his tie given his own shirt never fully came of f.
“No, very Gryf findor of you to follow me,” Airakus winked, Draco tossing the pillow at him
as a response.
Airakus sighed as he leaned back on his elbows in front of the fireplace, Draco sitting down
mimicking Airakus’ s position.
“Hermione wants you to come to the next DA meeting” Airakus sighed, Draco’ s eyebrows
shooting up as he looked to his boyfriend in shock.
“Really? Thought she was still pissed about what happened in October ..” Draco replied,
Airakus rolling his eyes with a smirk.
“Well, she said you’ve changed and that she thinks it would do us all good if you came…
might put it of f until this whole thing with Harry blows over ,” Airakus sighed, Draco
nodding.
“As if it'll blow over” Airakus added with a scof f, Draco rubbing the other boys shoulder
sympathetically .
“Im sure he’ll overcome it, its bloody Potter for gods sake, hes resilient” Draco stated,
Airakus smiling as he raised his eyebrows.
‘Did you just say something relatively nice about Harry?” Airakus asked, Draco freezing as
he furrowed his eyebrows before letting out a stifled laugh, letting his head fall back onto the
couch.  
“Suppose I did” Draco sighed as he looked at Airakus, laughing when he saw the shocked
and glad look that the Gryf findor was giving him.
“I honestly think your a sweetheart Blondie, a true sweetheart” Airakus grinned, Draco
rolling his eyes as he let Airakus take his hand, not bothering to ar gue with the teasing
Gryfindor .
Airakus kissed Malfoy’ s hand, tracing all the way up to his cheek before he laughed with a
sigh, letting his head fall back as well as he looked up above the two of them.
“Whats that?” Draco asked as a plant started forming from the ceiling, AIrakus grinning.
“Mistletoe, room’ s been forming it since November , caught Cho and Harry…” Airakus
replied, Draco pecking Airakus quickly , the plant retreating as if the room were reacting.
“Just one?” Airakus whined, Draco rolling his eyes.  
“We just bloody got of f, calm down.” Draco teased, Airakus chuckling, his face beat red as
he held Draco’ s hand loosely , playing with the boys rings.
“What time is it?” Airakus asked with a sigh, Draco looking at the clock that had appeared in
the room a few moments ago with calmness spread across his face, warm with Airakus beside
him.“7:30” Draco replied, turning back to Airakus who had begun laughing to himself.
‘What? What so funny?” Draco asked with a smile as he too began laughing slightly .
“We’re nearly an hour late to dinner!” Airakus replied, Draco’ s face dropping as he stood,
pulling Airakus to his feet as the boys grabbed their things and rushed out of the room,
bolting to the great hall as fast as they could, passing by a few teachers on the way who all
yelped at them to slow down.
Airakus reached the door , about to push it open when Draco grabbed him, looking him
upland down once or twice.
“What?” Airakus asked ur gently , needing to get to his friends before they began asking
questions.
“Just making sure you looked like you just got into a fight, that’ s what we’re telling them
right?” Draco asked, Airakus nodding quickly ,
“Well, do I look roughed up?” Airakus asked with a chuckle, Draco smirking.
“If you can convince them thats a bruise and not a love bite then your set!” Draco added,
Airakus raising his eyebrows as he ruf fled Dracos hair .
‘Right back atcha Blondie” Airakus replied as he pushed the door open with his back, a sneer
falling on Draco’ s face as he pushed past Airakus.
“Fuck of f Rosier” Draco scowled, many heads turning to the pair as Airakus grinned at him,
returning to his friends who were all eyeing him curiously , Hermione standing to fix his
robes, Airakus shaking her of f as he sat in between Seamus and Ginny with a smile to his
friends.
‘Where have you bloody been?!” Hermione asked, looking at AIrakus rather worried.
“Hagrids, helped him with some stuf f after class, ran into Malfoy on the way back,” Airakus
scoffed as he stacked his plate full of breadsticks, Dean, who loved breadsticks,, glaring at
him quickly before he saw the mark on Airakus’ s neck.
‘That a bruise or were you snogging somebody before you ran into Malfoy?” Dean asked,
raising an eyebrow , Airakus looking at Dean with raised eyebrows.
“Shuddup” Airakus replied, trying very hard to ignore all 9 ish pairs of eyes on him suddenly .
“Merlins beard thats a love bite! Who were you snoggin Airakus!?” Ron asked with a grin,
Harry smiling ear to ear . 
Smiling.  
For the first time since they had gotten back from Christmas break.
Airakus felt a pang of guilt as he watched Harry look around the great hall, glancing to the
girls in their year hoping to see somebody else reminiscent of a quick snog.  
All he found was Malfoy .“Dracos pretty roughed up, hes got a bruise as well” Harry added, Ron and Dean (who were
on either side of Harry) peering across the hall to see Pansy looking at Malfoy wide eyed as
Theo and Blaise glared back at the Gryf findors, Theo’ s eyebrows furrowed as if he was
confused.
“Yea, you mustve really hit him mate, he looked all red” Ron added as his eyes retired to his
plat, Harry looking away as well as Dean turned to face Airakus, eyes wide.  
He had figured it out.  
It only made sense.
“What did he do? I thought he'd been getting better no?” Hermione asked, raising her
eyebrows at Airakus who glared at her annoyed as he swallowed his food to speak again.
“Just said sumthin stupid, it was really nothing honestly , just a scuf fle, barely even got a
punch in” Airakus replied with a shrug.
“Then howd he get the bruise? Unless he got a snog as well” Ron chuckled, Harry looking at
Airakus out the corner of his eye as Dean stared at him some more.
“Yea, dunno” Airakus brushed of f the question, Ron shrugging as the boys continue to eat,
Dean watching Airakus like a bloody hawk.
Chapter End Notes
I love making people figure shit out becuase its hilarious, also I LOVE THIS
CHAPTER BECAUSE DRAIRAKUS ON T OP.Dean knows.
Chapter Summary
really short chapter , Dean confronts Airakus about Malfoy .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“You and Draco are snogging then?!” Dean asked as he folded his uniform, Airakus's
eyebrows shooting up as he cast mulfato over the dorm, Ron in the shower , Seamus, Neville
and Harry downstairs in the common room doing homework with Hermione and Parvarti.
“Shut it Thomas nobody else knows!” Airakus replied, Dean making an odd face.
“Does Seamus?!” Dean asked, eyebrows shooting up.  
“Of course he does, I mean other than him!” Airakus replied, Dean nodding slightly .
“So you and Malfoy snogged after that fight then? What happened..” Dean asked, Airakus
looking at one of the smartest student sin their year in complete humorous disbelief.
“We didnt fight Dean” Airakus replied.  
‘Then why are your robes messed up? And why was your tie all weird? And why is your hair
all…oh.” Dean said, Airakus grinning ear to ear as he sat down beside Dean, the boy staring
at Airakus with an odd face as Airakus laughed maniacly .
“How long have you been friends again?” Dean asked.  
“Third year” Airakus replied.  
“How long have you two been..erm…you know?” Dean asked.  
“Since Halloween, but I've erm..i've fancied him since last term..well erm..Y ule Ball me and
Seamus actually ..yea I'm sure we’ll both tell you that story one day ,” Airakus chuckled, Dean
nodding slightly , their chat interrupted by Ron coming out of the bathroom.
“AIRAKUS WHA T DID YOU DO T O THE SHAMPOO!?” Ron screeched, his hair bright
pink.
 
“That one was Seamus’ s idea actually” Airakus grinned.  
“Yea but you did it” Seamus replied as he entered the dorm, Harry and Neville laughing
behind him as Ron turned bright red, Hermione giggling as she stood in the doorway with the
boys.Chapter End Notes
Im posting another chapter right now , because this ones basically one page long, and I
haven't posted in 6 days....  
Over the holidays ill try and keep up my posting, itll be daily i promise, especially
because ill be home everyday , ill have time to write and catch up.February
Chapter Summary
The full moon, Seamus and Dean, and the lads being lads.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next full moon was February 4th.  
Valentines day was the 14th, and Harry’ s date with Cho was quickly approaching, driving the
boy to be relatively happier in the week approaching the moon, given he was looking forward
to the date.  
Ron was on edge, freaking out given Airakus and Harry had been pressuring him to ask
Hermione, Dean eventually getting them to fuck of f and leave him alone.  
Seamus was happily strolling about the castle with Airakus, both well aware that their
Valentines would be spent with their secret boyfriend.
Thats the other thing that happened.  
Seamus and Dean.  
Official, although secret.  
Airakus knew , so did Ron.
Airakus found out during Quidditch Practice.  
He had been kept on the team, as had been expected, given Harry was most likely to make
captain next term, meaning Airakus would be co-captain.  
He was flying around, hitting a bludger back and forth with Fred as Geor ge soared in circles
around them when Seamus had ran out onto the pitch, out of breath.
“OI FINNIGAN! OFF THE FIELD!” Angelina yelled down at him, but Seamus replied
asking for Airakus given it was ‘ur gent’.
“Whats wrong Sea?!” Airakus asked panicked as he landed, discarding his broom as he
rushed to his best friend.
“Aw your covered in mud” Seamus said, his face scrunching up.
“Bloody tell me mate I'm in the middle of practice!” Airakus replied, Seamus grinning.
“We’re of ficially boyfriends mate, he just asked me!” Seamus grinned, Airakus’ s face
splitting into a smile as he grabbed Seamus, lifting the short boy of f the ground as he hugged
him.
“PUT ME DOWN YOU'RE GETTING ME MUDDY!”That has been a few days ago, now Airakus was sitting in the shrieking shack, listing to his
heart race as the night carried on.  
Madame Pomfrey had bought him down a bit early that night, so he was pacing the small
room, his hair itchy , his bones cracking, his entire body sore.
Everything had been turning around.  
He hadnt gotten a summon from Albus in weeks.  
Harry had been doing better . 
Remus hadnt written him about any death eater activity . 
The articles in the daily prophet had been bad yes, but better .
The moon rose and Airakus felt as his skull cracked in and out, reshaping itself as he turned
into the beastly monster he was, howling loudly as he ripped at the walls, the smell of
hundreds of people mere miles away running through his nose as he pried at the wooden
boards, collapsing onto the floor as he whimpered in pain, scratching at himself as the moon
shone in the sky above.
 
Airakus woke up in the room as he always did.  
He hobbled towards his clothes, pulling his trousers on, leaving his chest open as he prodded
the lar ge gash on his chest.  
Then he felt his face, his neck was torn up again from what he could tell, but other than that it
was a long shot to tell, everything was covered in blood and he wasnt fully in reality yet.
He woke up again in the hospital wing, Seamus and Ron sitting tossing a pack of beans back
and forth as Harry stood ar guing with Madame Pomfrey .
“Mr.Potter I cannot let you in when I know you have detention with Professor Snape, you
may return again after your detention is served.” Poppy sighed as she tried to close the door
on Harry who opened his mouth to speak, his words cut of f by the slam of the wooden door .
“I swear Poppy youll slam it in his face one day and then youll have to grow his bloody noes
back.” Airakus rolled his eyes as he shuf fled himself so he was sat upright, Poppy scof fing as
she rushed to his side, helping him up as she handed him the mirror .
 
“How ya feelin babes?” Seamus asked, Ron stifling his laughter as Airakus rolled his eyes at
Seamus, drinking the potion Poppy had handed him.
“Just peachy” Airakus replied with a smirk, Ron and Seamus sharing a glance which made
Airakus furrow his eyebrows.
“What?” Airakus chuckled breathy , looking between his friends, then back to Poppy who
sighed.
“Necks pretty bad, and your knees are going to hurt for a while, have a look.” Poppy smiled
tight lipped as she handed Airakus the small mirror that sat at his besides in the hospital.His hair was a mess, he really did need a trim.  
His neck was rather etched in scars, as it normally was, though there were some fresher ones
that were near the faded love bite and a rather nasty bunch near his shoulder (which normally
got some hate given it tended to be irritatingly sore during the fulls).
“Eh, not that bad” Airakus smiled up at Poppy who shook her head.
“Also, I cant figure out how it bruise around the new scar , but Ill ask Remus if hes ever had
anything like it bef..” Poppy began when Seamus began laughing maniacally .
“Poppy thats NOT a bruise!” Seamus grinned, Madame Pomfrey swallowing loudly as she
turned to AIrkaus nodding slightly .
“Well then, Ill be chatting with you later” Poppy nodded to Airakus who furrowed his
eyebrows.
"What, you mean Ive go to stay tonight?” Airakus asked, Madame Pomfrey sighing as she
shook her head, Airakus rushing to collect his things and go to dinner . 
He was starving.
As they attempted to escape Poppy , she stopped them in the doorway to the hospital wing.
“Boys wait outside, hell be one moment” Poppy nodded to Ron and Seamus who then closed
the door behind them, leaving Airakus with the medi witch.
“Does this girlfriend of yours know? Because if its not serious Airakus I recommend you
dont let it go on for too long, getting close to people who are unaware isnt always a good
idea, especially if its romantic..” Madame Pomfrey of fered as she handed AIrkaus a few
potions that he took gratefully .
“Im sure Draco remembers that Im a W erewolf Poppy , but Ill make sure to remind him.”
Airakus smiled to the witch who’ s face nearly broke in half from the grin she gave him.
“Minerva owes me thirty quid.” Poppy grinned, Airakus rolling his eyes as he left the woman
in her wing, following Seamus and Ron down to dinner , putting the potions in Seamus’ s bag
with his other things.
Telling people was a new thig, and although he knew he couldnt go around letting everyone
in the bloody castle know that the lovebites were in fact from Draco Malfoy , telling Poppy
had given AIrakus a boost of well earned glee.
“Alright Airakus?” Dean asked when Airakus sat down in the great hall that Sunday night for
dinner , Neville looking away from the Ravenclaw table as he smiled to his friends who had
just sat down.
“Yea great,” Airakus replied, “Where's Hermione?” Ron asked, looking around confused.
“Went to go get Harry , tried to tell her he was in detention but she said it was important”
Neville explained, Ron glancing to Airakus nervously , the boys sharking a worried look.  Harry wasnt in detention. He was in his Oclumency lesson. Hermione must’ve known that,
she was more or ganized than anybody Airakus knew , even Draco.
After dinner , Airakus returned to the common room, sitting down on the couch with a sigh as
Seamus rushed upstairs to put his bag away and put the potions on Airakus's bed so he didnt
forget to take them (As if he hadnt survived worse moons without potions before).
“Mione!” Airakus nodded as hermione walked into the portrait hole looking rather worried,
harry following her inside, looking slightly shaken.
“Harry whats wrong?” Airakus asked immediately , ignoring the girl as she rushed upstairs
clearly to go get something as Harry collapsed onto the couch beside Airakus.
“Snape uh, I cast the spell back at him and well, he got sort of mad” Harry chuckled airily ,
Airakus taking a moment before grinning as he clasped Harry’ s shoulder , wrapping an arm
over the boys shoulder as Harry laughed with him.
“You alright mate?” Seamus asked as he returned from upstairs, Dean not far behind him, as
was becoming normal these past few weeks.  
Walking him like a bloody dog Seamus was.
 
“Yea alright” Harry replied as Seamus and Dean joined him and Airakus on the couch.
Late into that night, the six boys sat in a circle in the dormitory , as they usually did.  
Dean and Seamus were side by side, Ron and Airakus sitting on his bed, Neville and Harry
on Harry’ s.
“Where are you and Cho going for V alentines day?” Dean asked Harry as they chatted about
the boys romantic life, as they tended to do.
“Madame Pudifoots, but Hermiones wants to meet up to talk after we’re done so I'm not sure
how long it’ll last,” Harry replied with a sigh, Dean nodding as Ron rolled his eyes.
“What are you doing on valentines? Finnaly gonna bring that girl round?” Ron asked Airakus
who rolled his eyes, shaking his head with a chuckle.
“Theres no girl for the millionth bloody time, I honestly dont know whos tie that was."
Airakus replied, Ron scof fing as her glared at Airakus through squinted eyes.
“Sure, keep lying, ill find out one day , one day soon Rosier , mark my words” Ron declared,
Airakus catching the ginger in a headlock as he gave the boy a noogy , Rn whining for
Airakus to stop as the rest of their friends laughed along.
“Well what are you two doing then?” Harry asked Dean and Seamus who had remained quiet
as Neville rambled on about Luna for a good twenty minutes, too shy to ask her to
Hogsmeade as per usual.“Dunno, prolly going to the Three Broomsticks with the twins, might just stay here though”
Seamus sighed, Dean nodding slightly as Ron looked at them pointedly , Airakus catching
Rons eye.
They seemingly passed something to each other . 
Some sort of understanding that they both knew a secret, something Harry and Neville were
unaware of.
“Shame that its on a W ednesday or we’d have the party on actual V alentines!” Airakus
commented, everyone's ears perking up at the mention of a party .
“Yea, that Friday me and the twins have some interesting plans..” Airakus grinned, Ron and
Seamus hooting with joy as they tackled Airakus with questions about the party , the boy
holding out.
“I cant tell you lads, not until Friday alright!?” AIrakus laughed as Seamus shook him rather
aggressively , the boy rolling his eyes as he reutnred to the floor , sitting beside Dean with a
scoff.
“Cant believe you didnt tell me before” Seamus rolled his eyes, Airakus grinning at his best
friend as he tossed a piece of chocolate at the boy .
"There, for giveness?" Airakus asked, Seamus nodding as he popped the sweet into his mouth.
Chapter End Notes
FINNAL Y, weve got confirmed Deamus, lets go! Also, no draco in this chapter , makes
me sad, but still, good chapter , one of my favourites.Valentines
Chapter Summary
Valentines day , Draco Malfoy and Geor ge W easleys secret....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Valentines day sprung upon the castle rather abruptly , Airakus heavily unprepared rushed
around the dormitory the moment he was alone looking for his extra sugar quills and the
paper hearts Luna had helped him make in the Library the day before.
Although it was V alentines day , the students still had classes, so as the ghosts rushed around
the pink covered castle, the portraits sang jolly songs of love, every inch of the castle covered
in kissing couples and boys asking girls out to Hogsmeade that weekend.
It was that day at lunch, just before Potions where Airakus would enact his plan that
Dumbledore made the announcement.
“This year , as a special treat for a friend of mine, there will be a V alentine dance, occurring
this Saturday night in the great hall, third years and above only ,” Dumbledore nodded as he
finished his V alentines speech, the flashing faces Airakus saw either covered in excitement or
pure annoyance.
He turned to Seamus who had a weary look on his face.  
Announcing the dance three days before it was set to happen wasnt the best plan.  
But the mere standing fact that Dean and Draco would be asked by at least thirty girls each
wasnt ideal either .
Airakus walked to potions, trying to rid his mind of the Y ule Ball, that girl swaying around
with Draco as if he were hers.  
Airakus knew he was being ridiculous  
That Draco was his.  
But that didnt matter . 
The Y ule Ball was in the past.  
Today was all about Malfoy .
“Enjoying your book Draco?” Airakus asked, mumbling the boys name into his ears he sat
down on his stool, Draco shifting in his seat as he sat up straighter , clearly…ef fected by
Airakus’ s presance.  
“Hm” Draco nodded in response, as to not draw attention from the other students surrounding
them.They were halfway through the lesson, Draco doing mostly everything other than cutting and
handing the ingredients over .
“Pass me the rose pedals” Draco nodded as he tapped the spoon to the edge of the cauldron,
Airakus reaching across the table, handing Draco the roses with the most dramatic flair he
possibly could, having arranged the pedals in the shape of a heart.
Malfoy sniggered as he tried to hide his smirk, and his blush, finishing up their potion,
earring 5 points to each of them from Snape who was feeling rather generous that afternoon.
After potions, Airakus nearly fled from his friends, rushing up to Pansy , Draco and Theo who
were walking down towards the greenhouses, Airakus coming up behind Malfoy with a quick
poke to his hip, the boy whipping his head around to see Airakus, giving him a smile.
“Happy V alentines day , finally got yourself a girlfriend?” Pansy asked, Airakus rolling his
eyes as he handed Draco one of the paper heart, Pansy and Theo glancing at them confused
as Draco went pink, stuf fing it into his pocket ignoring the grin Airakus was giving him.
“Oh stop flirting you two, makes me fell lonely ,” Pansy scof fed, Theo snickering as Draco
rolled his eyes, Airakus laughing right along with Knott as they walked down towards the
greenhouses.
That day in Creatures they dealt with some writing and observed a few rare pixies in a
hanging cage in front of the class. Nothing special, though the entire lesson Draco was sitting
bright pink as every time he looked towards his book, or down to his lap, or left his hand
open on the desk, a small dark red paper heart would appear .
It was making Airakus giddy as he watched Draco become more and more distracted,
checking his desk more and more as the lesson went on.
He glances at his copy of Newt Scammanders- Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them to
see a small piece of parchment folded up.  
He took it apprehensively , unfolding the paper as he read the note scrawled out on it.
“Astronomy T ower tonight after rounds? -boyfriend” it read, Draco smirking to himself with
a little laugh as he nodded.
Airakus grinned ear to ear as he let his head rest on the palm of his hand, watching Hagrid
explain a part of the text best he could while Draco sat fumbling with his robe buttons,
glancing to AIrakus every few minutes.
As Care Of Magical Creatures came to an end, Airakus walked with Pansy , Theo and Draco
back towards the castle, bidding the Slytherins farewell as he headed back to Gryf findor
Tower . 
He couldnt make up an excuse to be with Malfoy now . 
That was for later . 
So for now he would do his best to ensure Seamus had just as brilliant of a day as Draco was
going to have.“Oi Dean, go upstairs and get Seamus why dont you?” Airakus asked, Dean nodding as he
hopped of f the back of the couch, going upstairs with his hands fiddling around with the note
in his back pocket, the one he had written for Seamus that Airakus had proof read.  
It was actually quite beautiful.
Airakus guarded the dorm staircase, refusing to allow any of their roommates upstairs.
“Mate Ive gotta wee really bad! Please let me go Airakus!” Neville groaned, Airakus shaking
his head as he sat in the stairwell, Neville not daring to try and outrun the boy .
“Go to the loos, leave them be for a minute” Airakus replied, Neville rushing out of the
common room past Ron who had just walked inside, an odd upset look on his face, one that
had been there all day as he watched Hermione and Ginny chat on and on during breakfast,
lunch and supposedly dinner , the boy too nervous to utter a word to her on the day
surrounded by love.
“Why is he in such a rush?” Ron chuckled as he leaned against the wall beside Airakus who
was fiddling with the small metal slide lighter he had found near the west stairwell last week
after the full moon.
Airakus looked up to Ron and remembered a vital detail.  
He knew about Dean and Seamus.
“Dean and Sea are upstairs, didnt want Neville interrupting” Airakus replied, looking at Ron
with wide eyes as the ginger boy looked back at him a similar expression as he cleared his
throat.
“Seamus told you right? About them?” Ron asked, clearly not the brightest way to go about it
given if Seamus hadnt told Airakus, Ron just had.  
But it didnt matter as Airakus nodded, glancing up the stairs and then back to the mostly
(surprisingly) empty common room.
“Yea, finally , they've only been rambling about it since I bloody got here” Airakus chuckled,
Ron snickering as he sighed.
“Yea, just hate having to cover for them sometimes, makes me upset that they cant just be
happy y’know . Makes me right mad when Oliver and Perc have to lie to people about it as
well, bloody idiotic” Ron scof fed as he sat down on the step below Airakus, resting on his
elbows as he thought about it.
A thought crossed Airakus’ s mind.  
A thought that he quickly dismissed.  
Telling Ron was a bad idea.
“Oh also, Percy wrote me, said he heard I got prefect and sent me this” Ron chuckled as he
pulled a small pin from his robe pocket.
It was red and round, like the potter stinks badges from the year prior , only this one read
‘Percys favourite brother ’ in big yellow writing.Airakus grinned as he clasped Rons shoulder ladishly . 
“Great mate, always knew he was funny deep down” Airakus rolled his eyes, Ron smiling
with a nod as he stuf fed the pin back in his pocket.
Airakus knew who had been the one to tell Percy about Ron getting prefect, but he wasnt
going to ruin Rons mood even more, so he smiled at the boy as Seamus and Dean came
tumbling down the stairs.
“Have fun you two?” Airakus smriked, Dean kicking him as Seamus rolled his eyes, Ron
snickering as he rushed up after Daen, eamus and Airakus who had begun heading down for
dinner .
The valentines day feast was interesting.  
Dumbledore was nowhere to be seen, Airakus finding it odd as Minerva gave the speech.  
Geor ge stormed out of the great hall around halfway through Airakus’ s second plate of food,
Fred rolling his eyes as he continued to mumble stuf f to Angelina who was rolling her eyes to
hide her blush.  
Airakus had thought it odd, and noted to go find Geor ge later . 
Late came sooner than he had imagined.
He went to the loo, feeling rather alone as everyone sat together , Draco cross the hall with
Parkinson.
‘Reckon their still dating?” Ron had asked during dinner as Pansy giggled at something
Draco had said, the majority of the people around them nodding in agreement.  
It made Airakus feel see through.  
Like Ron was making a dig at him.  
Like he knew . 
And all the sweets from earlier in the common room had begun making him feel rather
rotten.
He had managed to get to the loo, not to go to the bathroom but to take a breather , when he
found Geor ge sitting in the windowsill.  
It reminded him of the first time he and Draco had ar gued, that night when Airakus had lied
about Filch to keep Draco from leaving.
He now realised he had wanted Malfoy to stay so bad because he liked the Slytherin more
than he let of f. 
But then it had seemed like the oddest thing on the planet.
Geor ge was sitting, swaying his feet from the countertop as he stared at the ground.  
He hadnt heard Airakus walk in until the boy cleared his throat.
“Enjoying yourself in here all alone Geor gie? Thought Id come check on you!” Airakus
offered, Geor ge sighing as he allowed Airakus to sit beside him, the two in dead silance.
Airakus realised he had never seen either twin sad before.  
Not once.  
Not until now .“Wassup mate, you can tell me anything you know that,” Airakus nodded as Geor ge avoided
looking at him.  
“Yea right” Geor ge replied, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows.
“What happened?” Airakus asked once more, Geor ge looking back to his feet as he took a
deep breath.
“He hasnt talked to me all day , and I was ‘sulking’ according to Fred, who seems to only care
about Angelina and planning shit with Umbridge, he hasnt even touched the joke shop plans
all month” Geor ge scof fed, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows even more as he turned to the
boy he thought he knew quite well.
“Who hasnt talked to you all day?” Airakus asked, Geor ge chuckling out loud as if it was
ironic that Airakus ask.
“Adrian Pucey .” Geor ge scof fed, Airakus’ s eyebrows shooting up as he realised what Geor ge
meant.  
Why Geor ge had suddenly become a chaser . 
Why Geor ge never asked any girls to the Y ule Ball.  
Why he had always defended Percy so much.
“Cant be all that bad mate” Airakus sighed as he clasped Geor ges’s shoulder , the ginger
rolling his eyes at Airakus, the fifth year , who seemingly could lighten his mood all factors
aside.
“Oh yea? Whats worse then?” Geor ge asked with a scof f, Airakus contemplating, and then
throwing his brain seemingly out the window as he spoke.
“Draco Malfoy” Airakus nodded, Geor ge rolling his eyes.  
“Alright yea, bit to young for me Airakus, I mean sure hes cute but hes 16.” Geor ge scof fed
as he turned to Airakus.
“15, his birthdays in July” Airakus added, Geor ge rolling his eyes when his eyebrows shot
up, turning to the younger boy beside him.
Airakus nodded to Geor ge, answering the boys silent question.
“Merlin, I wouldve never guessed…” Geor ge began, AIrakus shaking his head.
“Bloody fags, cant beat em, join em” Airakus joked.
Chapter End Notes
ITS SO HARD NOT T O MAKE EVER YONE GA Y! LIke brooooooooooooo, ive
settled for only a few of the main group, Seamus, Airakus and Geor ge, but its
increasingly hard for people not to just be gay becuase its more entertaining when theyare. 
ALso Geor ge W easley was gay prove me wrong. Not one girlfriend the entire book
series when Fred and Anglina were togehter until he died.  
ALSO DRAIRAKUS.  
And im adding this dance to give me some calm before the storm becuase we all know
how rough the end of fifth year is (note idk how itll end with Sirius so far so be prepared
for him to either die or live idk bruh)Valentines pt2
Chapter Summary
fluffy little chapter , Valentines day in the Astronomy tower .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus was standing in the Astronomy tower , waiting impatiently for Draco.  
It was half past nine, Malfoy should have been here fifteen minutes ago.
Airakus was standing on the balcony , looking out over the grounds as he watched people
sneaking back from Hogsmeade when he heard the door open, whipping around to see Draco
in his glory , already blushing as he stood there, hands behind his back.
“Got you these” Airakus smiled as he shook the box of jelly beans, Draco rolling his eyes
with a subtle smirk as Airakus grabbed his face and kissed him quickly , handing him the jelly
beans as Draco beamed at him.
“Got you this,” Draco replied as he held out a chocolate bar , Airakus rolling his eyes with a
subtle smirk right back as he pocketed the candy , the two standing in the center of the room
staring at each other before Draco spoke.
“Well, I was thinking…if your not erm…going with anyone on Saturday…that….perhaps..”
Draco began, Airakus grinning as he interlocked their hands loosely .
“Are you asking me to the bloody dance Blondie?” Airakus teased, Draco going pink as he
scoffed, rolling his eyes as he crained his neck away from Airakus to hide his bashful look.
“Perhaps” Draco replied as Airakus leaned in, kissing the boys neck lightly as he brought
Draco’ s face back towards his own.
“Course we’re going together , cant have anyone else with you can we?” Airakus uttered,
Draco nodding slightly as he felt every inch of his neck being kissed, Airakus’ s hand on his
hip as the Gryf findor made his way to Draco’ s lips.
It was the perfect night.  
Perfect V alentines day . 
Airakus wished Hogwarts would be that perfect forever , and by Hogwarts he meant Draco in
the starlight as the early hours of the morning snuck up on the boys.
When Airakus collapsed onto his bed early that Thursday morning, around one, he was tired,
but exhilarated.Thats when the besides lamp that belonged to none other than Harry James Potter turned on.  
Airakus knew everyone was breathing to heavily to be asleep.  
They were stacked on Harrys bed like it was a clown car .
“AIRAKUS ROSIER! WHERE HA VE YOU BEEN?!” Seamus yelped.
Airakus jumper from the sudden noise, hitting hit head causing Dean to rush towards him and
make sure he was alright, the boys fun momentarily ruined before they began the
interrogation once more.
“I was out for a walk, no big deal” Airakus shrugged the other boys of f, Seamus grinning ear
to ear as he saw the blush creep onto Airakus's face.
“Oh right, I for got about your plans” Seamus raised hi eyebrows, Dean furrowing his own as
he looked between his boyfriends and his Airakus oddly confused.  
Did Airakus have a secret Girlfriend?
That was unlikely to say the least.
“You were on a date!” Ron grinned, Airakus groaning as he took of f his robes, collapsing
onto his bed with a sigh.
“No I was not!” Airakus retaliated, though it was a lie.  
He wasnt telling them where he had been.  
Leave it to Seamus to nearly say it for him, bloody idiot.
“I bet it was that girl who left her tie here!” Ron grinned, Airakus rolling his eyes as he
grabbed a chocolate from his pocket, tossing it into his mouth as he turned to Harry
unexpectedly .
“So, how was it then?” Airakus asked, changing the topic, all the boys looking at Harry
simultaneously .
“Horrid, honestly horrid” Harry replied, Airakus sighing as he sat down and prepared for a
long night.
Chapter End Notes
Happy Christmas, heres a fluf fy lil chapter , sorry i didnt post this week its been hectic
but i think in the new year itll be more regular (empty promises).  
Im nearly at the deppressing part of the writing proccess, so rereading these chapters
before I post them are giving me hope.Urgent Meetings
Chapter Summary
Order meetings, Barty Crouch Jr , and angry Airakus.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The days that followed valentines were interesting.  
More people were dating than had been before, their entire year seemingly paired of f. 
Airakus was still rather excited for the dance, although he would be there with Seamus as
mates, he was going with Malfoy in secret, as Seamus was secretly going with Dean.
It all seemed rather dramatic.  
But it was fun.
Harry and Cho werent talking.  
Theyre date hadnt gone well after all, and in the aftermath Harry had left to go meet
Hermione to talk about the DA, so nothing had really happened.  
Airakus hadnt expected much from potter , he had always been rather awkward around girls.  
But then again, Airakus had never fancied a girl before, maybe it was some how dif ferent?  
He wondered what is was like to kiss a girl?  
Seemed rather pointless when he had Draco staring at him from across the hall.  
Draco was prettier than any girl Airakus had ever met.
That Thursday , Airakus was gazing at the Slytherin boy when he realized that Snape was
calling his name.
“Rosier . Your needed in the headmasters of fice, its ur gent” Snape scof fed, Airakus bounding
out of his seat as he rushed to Dumbledore's of fice. 
It was February 15th, the dance was that Saturday , and Airakus was having a seamless week,
no issues having arose other than Harry’ s disappointment with the date with Cho.
As he bolted to the headmasters of fice he felt a nagging feeling of panic, as if he knew
something had happened.
“Headmaster? Y ou called for me?” Airakus asked as he entered Dumbledores of fice, the man
standing behind his desk looking over a stack of papers, his crescent moon glasses placed on
his nose just right.
Airakus stood, out of breath and restlessly curious, looking at the old man who was
seemingly rather lazily directing his attention up to the boy .“Airakus, ah, right, youre needed for a quick meeting, nothing too important, just floo back to
my of fice when its over with” Dumbledore waved Airakus of f, the boy standing there
bewildered by the man for a few moments before turning with a swoop and dissapearing in to
the fireplace, confused and slightly alarmed.  
He knew he'd be being called for more meetings.  
But nothing had happened that he knew of.  
So he was worried.  
But Dumbledore said it would be quick.  
Most likely just an update session while Mad Eye was around.
Airakus appeared in the corridor , the portrait of W alpur ga screeching at him alarmingly loud
as she cursed his very existent.
“Silencio!” Airakus cast, the portrait going silent as the boy followed the sound of muf fled
voices into the dining room where he found basically the entire order sat, Mad Eye at the
head of the table.
They had been waiting for him, that much was obvious.
“Airakus, sit, we have a lot to discuss” Moody huf fed, Airakus nodding slightly as he headed
towards his seat at the end of the table in between Remus and Bill, Sirius and Charlie across
from them as the table grew silent, waiting for Mad Eye to speak.
“Roll out for this week, if I call your name you take your mission and leave” Moody huf fed
once more, a few people nodding as Airakus glanced to Sirius and then to Remus rather
alarmed.  
He didnt have a mission…did he?
“Charlie, T onks, you two are on 4 quarter today and tomorrow , Wealsey Sr your with them,”
Moody nodded, handing Fiona a scroll which the witch took quickly , her, Arthur and
Narcissa leaving the room soon after .
It went on like this for around twenty minutes, eventually leaving Airakus alone with the
main order members, the ones who lived at Grimmauld.
“Alright, now , where to start…” Moody seemingly said to himself as AIrkaus sat, fiddling
with his school tie.  
He felt rather silly dressed in his robes.
“The Occulemany lessons havent been going as well with Harry as we would like them too…
Dumbledores requested that Sirius you continue to encourage Harry to work with Snape, and
that Airakus, you keep him on track, dont let his temper get the best of him, be there for him”
Moody huf fed as he read of f a small piece of parchment that Dumbledore had clearly left
him.
Airakus nodded, he had already been doing that anyways.
“Airakus, youve also been instructed to report to Dumbledore after every DA meeting you
have?” Moody explained as if he didnt know what the DA was, which realistically , heprobably didnt.
Airakus furrowed his eyebrows with a tight lipped nod.  
He didnt appreciate having that responsibility . 
Harry or Hermione could do it better than he could.  
And besides, the next meeting wasnt until next week what with the dance that weekend.
Moody went on, talking about boring things like paperwork and information that was rather
useless.  
Then he turned to Airakus once more right before the meeting was dismissed.
“Dumbledore also wants you to tell Harry about Crouch getting the kiss..thinks it’ll make
him, Im not sure, just make sure Potter knows” Moody nodded to Airakus who froze
immediately .
“What do you mean?” Airakus replied, eyes wide as he stood up, his chair falling to the floor . 
He hadn’ t given himself time to think before he spoke back to the man.  
They were still in a meeting, so moody wasnt just a family friend, Moody was the boss.
“Barty Crouch Jr , got the dementors kiss, right deserved it the bastard” Moody sighed, Sirius
furrowing his eyebrows as Remus stood as well.
“Watch your mouth Alastor ,” Remus snapped, Sirius putting a hand on his shoulder to
attempt to calm him down, but Remus shook him of f as he glared at Moody .
Moody mumbled something under his breath that even Airakus didnt bother hearing, before
dismissing the meeting and stalking of f upstairs, leaving Airakus stood beside his fallen
chair , robes a pile in his hands, tie loose as he tried to remember how to breath.
Barty had gotten the dementors kiss?  
Barty Crouch Jr?
Airakus wasnt sure how he felt.  
Or how he was allowed to feel.  
The man had tired to kill him and Harry after all.  
He had nearly done it for fucks sake.  
But he was family . 
He was some of the only family Airakus had left other than Luna and Xenephillious.  
Remus and Sirius were his parents, but Barty had been Evans person…Evans only person
left. 
Barty had fought for custody of AIrakus when Evan had died.  
He had wanted him just as badly as Remus had.  
He had cared about him enough to spare him that night in his of fice. 
He had cared.  
Not many people did.
Airakus stood, staring at the table as Mrs.W easley came up to his side, brushing his hair
behind his ear as she took his robes from him.“C'mere boy , lets get you some tea no? Y ou can spend the afternoon here and we’ll send you
back by dinner ,” Molly smiled, Airakus shaking his head as his eyes flickered to the womans
face.
She was the only mother he had ever met.  
Other than Cissy . 
His mother was dead.  
Not like she had been much of a mother . 
Barty had been more of a mother . 
Now Barty was soulless.  
Far worse than any death imaginable.  
Did anyone really deserve that?
Airakus shook his head as he swallowed the lump in his throat.
“No Mrs.W easley I really should head back, Dumbledore told me to leave as soon as the
meeting was over with” Airakus shook his head as he collected his few things, ignoring
Molly as she tutted in response.
He rushed towards the drawing room where the fireplace was, searching the mantel for floo
powder which he found quickly .
“Airakus wait!” Remus called, Airakus turning to see the tall man standing in the doorway
anxiously .
“Write me alright?” Remus sighed, Airakus nodding quickly before dissapearing into the
fireplace, still staring at the ground as if he wasnt in his own body . 
He felt as if he wasnt in his own body . 
He felt like he was floating in the air , looking down at himself as he tumbled out of
Dumbledores fireplace, the man standing from his desk when he saw the state AIrkaus was
in.
“You didnt tell me.” Airakus muttered as he tugged at his collar , his face going pale as he
imagined it over and over again.
The dementors kiss.  
He had seen it before.  
Nearly watched Sirius get it that night in Third year . 
He had heard hushed conversations between Remus and the other adults when he was
younger and would sit at the top of the stairs about death eaters and criminals getting their
souls sucked clean out.  
Airakus had never imagined it would ever happen to someone he knew .
Although he had never really known Barty . 
His mind was racing as Albus looked at him with shining eyes and a calm and collected face
that he always wore.
“I didnt tell you what Mr .Rosier?” Dumbledore replied, Airakus looking up at the old man,
his confusion and fear suddenly replaced with white hot rage.“YOU DIDNT FUCKING TELL ME HE GOT THE DEMENT ORS KISS?! COULDNT
YOU HA VE DONE SOMETHING ABOUT IT!? S…ST OPPED THEM?” Airakus seethed,
yelling at the headmaster from below as the man watched on, his face unchanged as Airakus
huffed.
“Mr.Rosier , that was not of my authorization. Y oull be rather unpleasantly surprised to learn
that the minister brought an unauthorized dementor into the castle after Crouch was captured
as to further hide the return of lord voldemort” Dumbledore explained, Airakus standing, still
fuming with rage, now with both Dumbledore and the bloody Minster for Magic himself.
‘Do you really think anyone really deserves that?’
Sirius’ s words rang through Airakus's head as he stared at the old man, unsure of what to
reply with.
“Now , dinner will be served soon, and I expect your friends are awaiting you. Im sure Alastor
informed you that you must report to me after each DA meeting?” Dumbedlore sighed as he
changed the subject, Airakus glaring up at the old man.
“Perfect” Dumbledore nodded, not bothering to wait for Airakus to reply .
“See you next week” Dumbledore replied.
Airakus turned on his heel and left the mans of fice, slamming the heavy doors as he trudged
down the corridor in a fit of rage.
He was starving, though the thought of eating around that many people who would want to
know what was wrong seemed like hell on earth.
The hunger won him over and he stormed down the corridors until he reached the great hall,
taking his seat in between Seamus and Harry as he did each night, each and every one of his
friends eyeing him with concern as he chugged Seamus’ s goblet of pumpkin juice in one go.
“Alright mate?” Ron asked.
“Peachy” Airakus replied with a scof f.
He couldnt tell Harry out in the open like this.  
He would get the boy to go on a walk with him later that night after Quidditch practice.  
For now he had to mull over in his rage as he ate dinner . 
Ham and Rolls.  
Bartys favourite.  
Salt in the wound.
Chapter End NotesI finnaly got to this chapter oml, its a good bit in the story and this is where it gets
intesne soooo.  
Also i may or may not have included Airakus reporting to Dumbedlore, so if I didnt, just
note in the back of your mind that he did.  
Thankyou for all the reads oml!!!!Haircuts
Chapter Summary
Feelings, Seamus, Draco and a hair cut.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus laid in his bed staring at his ceiling.  
Dinner had passed, and although Draco had tried to get his attention, Airakus had been
preoccupied staring at the wall of the great hall blankly . 
He knew he should tell Harry what had happened, Moody had told him too after all.  
But Moody had said a lot of things, and Airakus was too tired to think.
“Mate, Malfoys looking for you” Seamus said as he ripped Airakus's curtains back, to see the
blood red eyes of the boy who had refused to cry , his shirt unbuttoned as he stared at his
ceiling.
He wasnt aware how raw his throat was until he huf fed as a response to Seamus who had
grown extremely worried for his best friends well being.
None of the other boys were in the dorm.  
Airakus listened as Seamus ruf fled around in his things, disappearing out the door . 
He listened to muf fles outside and he could smell as people left the common room in a hurry .
“What happened?” Draco asked as he sat on the edge of Airakus's bed, leaning over Airakus
as he brushed the boys brown over grown hair out of his eyes.
Airakus didnt speak, he just watched as Draco played with his hair . It was getting rather long,
far longer than Airakus liked it to be, but he hadnt seen anyone willing to cut it in months.  
“Cut my hair will you?” Airakus asked, Draco nodding as Airakus smiled solemnly .
 
Airakus sat in silence as he listened to the snips of his hair falling into the bathtub.  
His shirt was discarded, the boy sitting there in his rather lar ge boxers as Draco sat on the
edge of the tub, sleeves rolled up, robe on the floor as he cut Airakus's hair inch by inch.  
He was doing a rather good job, keeping the boy looking rather the same, though the mullet
like curls finally dissapearing from the back of his neck.
“There you are” Draco smiled as he ruf fled Airakus’ s hair , getting the last small bits to fall to
the bathtub.Airakus stood and looked in the small mirror above the sink, he looked like him again.  
His hair was back to him.  
And that raw feeling felt a little better as he hopped in the shower to rid his shoulders of his
hair.
Draco was sprawled out on Airakus’ s bed when he came back out, his blue pajama bottoms
clung to his legs as he tossed his white towel towards the hamper , tackling Draco as he
tickled the blonde boy .
“AH! AIRAKUS AH ST OP!” Draco squealed as Airakus grinned, letting go of Malfoy as e
rolled onto his stomach, looking at Draco with a smile.
That raw feeling was still there, nagging him, but he wasnt paying it any mind.  
He had better things to pay attention too.
“I better get going, Im not sure how much longer they’ll all be” Draco said nervously as he
stood, grabbing his robe from the end of Airakus’ s bed as he tossed it over his shoulder .
“Seamus got them all to leave just so you could come up didnt he?” Airakus chuckled with a
scoff as he too stood.
Draco nodded with a stifled laugh as he grabbed his wand.  
“Yep, needed me to check on you” Draco replied, Airakus not responding as he fiddled with
Draco’ s hand.
“Ill see you tomorrow then? Fancy going to Hogsmeade with me and Pansy? She needs more
sugar quills and I'm nearly out of chocolate.” Draco asked, Airakus nodding as he let Draco
leave, ignoring as the boy cast an invisibility charm so he could sneak out of the common
room.
Airakus returned to his bed, reaching for his bowie shirt, before he could even pull it on he
saw it, green and glittering at the end of his bed.
Dracos bloody tie.
He ripped it from the pole, stuf fing it into his trunk quickly before the door opened, Seamus,
along with Dean, Harry , Ron and Neville all pouring in, the boys collectively looking rather
annoyed.
“See hes up here you ares! I told you he wasnt in the bloody dungeons!” Ron scof fed,
Seamus shrugging as Airakus pulled his shirt on in a hurry , the boys rushing towards him to
check on him given he had seemingly disappeared for hours after Dumbledore had
summoned him.
“Your hairs shorter , what happened?” Neville asked, Airakus grinning as Seamus furrowed
his eyebrows, glancing into the bathroom to see the state of the sink, the scissors and razor
still sitting on the ledge.“Cut it, needed a fresh start, also Ive got to meet someone in Hogsmeade tomorrow so Ill find
you guys later .” Airakus added to Harry and Ron who shred a glance before Dean began
complaining about the goose chase Seamus had sent them on, the night going on as Airakus
let his friends burry the thought of Barty Crouch Jr .
Chapter End Notes
I personaly like the idea that growing up, Remus cut his own hair given Matron wasnt
there to shave it, and eventauly she stopped shaivng it as he got older so he started
getting Sirius to cut it for him so that it was even. So then Remus cut Airakus's hair
growing up, or T onks did it because Remus was really bad at it and he kept giving
AIrkaus horrible bowl cuts. Sooooo Draco cuts our main mans hair now :))))))))))))Slytherins
Chapter Summary
Hogsmeade visits, Blaise Zanbini and a run in between Airakus's friends.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
That Saturday was interesting.  
Airakus woke up, showered, got dressed in his favourite quidditch jumper and went down to
breakfast with Seamus and Harry .
They fucked around all breakfast, before AIrkaus headed down to Hogsmeade with Fred and
Geor ge, Seamus waiting for Dean while Harry waited for Ron and hermione.
The walk there was even more interesting.  
Fred rambled on about the dance that night, while Geor ge continued to stare of f ahead of
them where Adrian Pucey stood walking with his friends.
Among them were Theo, Draco and Pansy . 
Airakus felt the need to vomit.
Fred was none the wiser that both he and Geor ge planned to sneak of f later to mess about
with their respective Slytherin boyfriends.  
It would have been funny if Geor ge wasnt so upset about it all.
Airakus bid farewell to the twins once they arrived in Hogsmeade and rushed of f to
Honeydukes where he was set to meet Parkinson and Malfoy .
Theo was standing with them along with Blaise Zanbini when Airakus got there, which was
odd, Blaise never hung around with them outside of classes, he was more so friends with
Crabbe and Goyle than Draco and Theo, AIrakus had realized over these past months.
“Rosier! Please tell me you prefer Berrie Botts every flavoured Beans over bloody Licorice
Wands!?” Pansy groaned as Airakus wrapped an arm around her and Theo, smiling at Draco
who pulled a face making Airakus stifle his laugh.
“Of course, Licorice W ands are fine, but Berrie Botts are far superior” Airakus nodded, Theo
rolling his eyes as he shook AIrkaus of f.
“Your only saying that because their Malfoys favourite, cmon now , Licorice wands are W AY
BETTER!” Theo drawled on, Airakus shrugged as Pansy began rambling once more, opening
the door to Madame Pudifoots.Airakus never really went to Madame Pudifoots until that DA meeting where the club had
formed.  
It had always seemed rather unnerving and after Remus had told him the story of the once
Werewolf he had met in the pub, the entire building had seemingly glowed of horror .
But it was safer to hangout with the Slytherins somewhere most of Airakus's friends woudlnt
be caught dead in.  
It made him less nervous.  
Less on edge.  
And it let him have more fun with his friends.
He sat beside Draco, saving the other spit beside him in the booth for Pansy as the girl went
to order drinks, Blaise sitting across from them with Theo, Zanbini looking rather nervous for
utterly no reason as Theo continued mumbling about candy preferences and how Pansy was
being ridiculous.
“So, excited for the Quidditch match next weekend Zanbini? Oughta be fun no?” Airakus
grinned as he sipped his hot chocolate, Pansy sitting on his other side after she had returned.
Blaise was still on the Slytherin Quidditch team unlike Malfoy who had quit after third year . 
Airakus had meant it in a friendly way . 
Friendly competition, though Gyrf findor would surely win the match that was set for
February 24th.
Blaise just scof fed as he took a gulp of his drink, Airakus chuckling to himself as he turned to
Theo, but Zanbini wasnt done apparently .
“Why are you even here Rosier? Didnt have enough bloody fun with Potter so you decided to
come mess with us?” Blaise snarled.
Thats when Airakus realised.  
Draco’ s eyebrow raise to Blaise hadnt been one of general acknowledgment, it had been a
slight warning,  
And then how Zanbini had been rather quiet as they all sat down, looking at AIrkaus
confused as if he expected the boy to leave…
“Zanbini, I'm friends with this lot, surely you know that?” Airakus replied, letting out a slight
airy huf f as the entire table went quiet.  
Theo, Pansy and Draco were looking at Blaise seemingly waiting for the boy to realise that
Airakus was being serious.
Blaise furrowed his eyebrows when he saw Dracos face, then turned to Airakus.
“You know what? This makes a load more sense than whatever I thought youve all been
doing down at the pumpkin patch” Blaise stifled a laugh as he sipped his drink, Airakus
grinning as he and Theo laughed, Pansy and Draco shaking their heads at the boys.
“So who are you going to the dance with Blaise?” Pansy asked around an hour later as they
sat on their third round of drinks, Blaise having settled almost completely .“Dunno, nobody probably , just dance with whoever looks nice” Blaise nodded, Draco
chuckling from the corner , Airakus grinning as he sipped his hot coco.
“You bloody player mate, just pick one of the poor girls who follow you around” Draco
sighed, Blaise rolling his eyes.
“As if you dont have an entire group of fourth years in love with you Malfoy” Blaise replied
slyly , Pansy grinning as she sat up.
“Oh my lord Airakus! I've been meaning to tell you about this!” Pans grinned, Airakus
chuckling as he turned to the girl expectantly .
“Oh please Parkinson dont” Draco drawled from the corner , Airakus ruf fling the boys blonde
hair with a silencing hand as Pansy explained.
“Oh yea, these fourth years in our house usually sit on the sofa near our chairs, and they
started ST ARING at him every time were down there doing homework to the point where its
obvious their looking, so me and Theo started trying to catch their eyes and pull looks like to
scare them or whatever and he got all pissy and wouldnt study in the common room because
they were being so annoying or whatver thats not the point. THE POINT IS ONE OF THEM
ASKED HIM T O THE DANCE YESTERDA Y WHEN HE SNUCK INT O THE COMMON
ROOM JUST BEFORE CURFEW AND ME AND BLAISE SA W IT THE WHOLE THING
AND HE LIED T O HER AND SAID HE ALREADY HAD A BLOODY DA TE” Pansy
rambled, out of breath when she finished as she grinned at AIrkaus.
Airakus began laughing hysterically along with Theo and Blaise as Draco sat, arms crossed,
red in the face as he shook his head.
"What did you want me to bloody say to her Pansy?” Draco groaned as they all laughed, the
bell to the door ringing causing them all to look.
There stood none other than Hermione Jean Granger in all her glory . 
A common occurrence Airakus was starting to realise, was that when Hermione found him
with the Slytherins, she would look behind her as if checking for Ron and Harry before
acknowledging Airakus's presence in the room.  
This time she just rushed over to him.
"Airakus, your coming to the erm….on W ednesday yea?” Hermione asked rather rapidly .
“Erm..yea why?” Airakus replied as he stared up at the girl who was eyeing the table of
Slytherins nervously .
“I need you to show me how to do something, its not important, just, Harry and Ron are on
their way here!” Hermione rambled, Airakus's eyebrows shooting up as he stood, shuf fling
out of the booth panicked as the Slytherins watched him all slightly in understatement, other
than Blaise who still seemed rather confused.
“Alright alright I wanted to go get sweets from honeydukes anyways” Airakus sighed as he
grabbed his coat.“Well we’ll come with you then, no need to stay if Potters coming round” Pansy nodded,
standing along with Draco who didnt want to leave Airakus jut yet when the door opened
once more.
“Is there a problem here?” Harry asked as he stood beside Hermione, AIrkaus already
standing slightly of f to the girls side, the Slytehrins all gathering their things to leave all
paused as they looked at the boy .
“No, we’re leaving, no need to bark at us Potter” Draco snarled at Harry who glared back at
him.
Airakus watched as Draco and Pansy walked towards the door , Blouse and Theo following
slightly slowly as they glanced back to Airakus.
“See you lot back at the castle” Airakus called after Harry , not giving the boy a moment to
ask him where the hell he was going before he rushed after the Slytherins, catching up to
them just as the door closed to the pub.
“Honeydukes then? Or somewhere else?” Airakus asked as he mathced pace with Pansy and
Draco who he was now standing beside, Theo and Blaise to Pansy other side.
“You sure you dont want to stay with them? I get it if you do Airakus you dont have to come
with us, and merlin didnt Harry see you chase after us?!” Draco exclaimed, Airakus shaking
his head slightly .
“Oh he saw me, but I dont care, weve got at least three more hours before Im supposed to
meet them, no need to leave until then." Airakus added, Draco sighing defeated as Pansy
grinned.
“Well, Honeydukes sounds brilliant!” Pansy added as they continued walking, Airakus
ignoring that raw feeling that had reappeared and was nagging him once more.
Chapter End Notes
Look at the growth, hes not hiding as much....give him time he'll leave his shell
eventaully . ALSO posting will forever be a mess im apolgizing in advance...  
No Seamus in this chapter which makes me deppressed.Three Broomsticks
Chapter Summary
Argument with Harry and dinner before the dance,
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
By the time Airakus appeared in the three broomsticks, he had pockets full of chocolate, a
face red from the snowball right he and Theo had gotten into, and was now practically
positive he was madly in love with Draco Malfoy .
The day had been so great.  
So great he had for gotten about his wild escape of Harry James Potter .
Until he had sat down with Seamus, Dean and Ginny , the four being interrupted Harry , Ron
and Hermione entering the pub, Harry looking rather angry , Hermione and Ron both seeming
more nervous than emotional.
“Airakus, a word?” Harry seethed, Airakus giving Seamus and Dean a tight lipped nod as he
stood, following Harry towards the bathrooms which was a rather odd place to have a
conversation, leaving Ron and Hermione to sit with the others.
“What the absolute FUCK!?” Harry asked, giving Airakus a slightly deserved shove.
“What do you mean?” Airakus replied with furrowed eyebrows.
Now , Airakus would never in a million years imagine himself blatantly lying to Harry . 
But maybe that was the best idea for now . 
Or at least the best idea he could come up with on the spot, under the piercing green eyes that
belonged to the short boy .
“You were undoubtedly sitting and having a bloody drink with DRACO FUCKING
MALFOY!? DO YOU HONESTL Y THINK I'M OBLIVIOUS AIRAKUS!? YOU
BASICALL Y RAN AFTER THEM ALL WHEN THEY LEFT!?” Harry yelled, bringing
some attention to the pair causing Airakus to scof f, pulling Harry into the loo as to avoid the
wandering eyes of the other students.
“I was not having a drink with them mate, I was looking for Seamus. Besides, why on earth
would i chase after them? I thought the bastards had my scarf, and I was right, swiped it on
their way out” Airakus replied, Harry furrowing his eyebrows.“Malfoys scarf was red.” Harry responded, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows with a confused
look.
“When have you ever seen him wear red before? He was wearing your bloody scarf Airakus
just spit it out!” Harry snapped, Airakus looking at him horror sending a shock up his spine.
No. 
He didnt know . 
Hermione didnt tell him.  
It wasnt obvious.  
Nobody knew .
“What are you getting at?” Airakus asked, playing confused, though he slightly was.  
More scared than confused.  
Horrified than confused.
He was alike Remus a lot.  
Other than their looks which were strikingly similar , he and Remus were quite the same in
their friendships and all.  
But this wasnt like Remus.  
This was an Evan situation.  
And Evan was too busy being dead to help Airakus now . 
So he stood there afraid as he watched Harry’ s eyes race around the boys face, looking for
some sign that he was betraying him, that he was befriending the enemies.  
But as per usual, Harry didnt find anything.
“Just, be careful Airakus, Malfoys better yea, but hes still a right git.” Harry sighed, Airakus
nodding as he followed the boy back to the table.
The rest of the day was spent in general silence as Airakus trailed after the others, listening to
Neville, ( who had claimed him as his torture subject for the afternoon) ramble about the new
herbology book he had received over the christmas holidays.
The valentines dance was that night.  
Airakus had planned to sneak around with Malfoy , as they tended to do b accident at most
events.  
Though now , he was panicking.  
What if Harry saw him looking at Draco>  
What if Harry kept an eye on him that night?  
What if he caught them together?
His mind was racing, Neville was talking.  
Everyone was talking.  
There were people all around.  
It was cold.  
His head hurt, along with his shoulder , and he could smell his own blood boiling.
“You alright Airy? I can stop talking if your annoyed you look like you might hit me..”
Neville muttered, interrupting Airakus's thoughts.Airakus turned to one of his closest friends with s sigh.
“No Nev , I want to know about the book, keep going!” Airakus nodded, Neville smiling as he
continued explaining something about tentacula leaves being helpful in duels.
Airakus walked, focusing all his attention on Neville.  
The boy was always silent.  
He was constantly left out/  
This was another Remus thing.  
This was how Peter had been as a kid, Airakus knew it, so he always tried to make Neville
feel included.  
So they walked into the castle and back to the dorms, stashing away their goodies from town
before heading down to dinner . 
Airakus listening to Neville ramble the entire way .
It was helping distract him anyways.
Dinner was busy . 
The entire great hall was basically in a roar of agreement that the V alentines dance was a
brilliant suprise from the headmaster , and that that tonight would surely be the best of the
new year so far
Airakus was talking to Fred about quidditch, plotting tactics for the match that monday , when
he noticed something that was helping distract him from Harry glaring daggers into the side
of his hed even more then Nevilles rambling had.
Geor ge wasnt at dinner , nor had he been around in Hogsemde.  
Airakus didnt mean to be nosy , but after a quick scan of the Slytherin table..he noticed that
Pucey was also absent.
Airakus enjoyed little gay afairs.
They made him rather entertained.  
Seamus and Dean sneaking around made him all giddy…not as giddy as when it was him and
Draco, but still, it was fun etiehr way . 
Now he had another couple to add to the roster . 
He wondered what Percy would say if Geor ge told him?  
Hed probably of fer him a favourite sibling award on the spot..though with Ron being a
prefect he might have competition afterall....
Chapter End Notes
IM SORR Y FOR NOT POSTING OML~! I have my own writing project on the go right
now and ive been so focused on it that it blanked in my mind that i havent posted since
the second of January!  No Seamus or Draco in that chapter :(  
Angry Harry ....Valentines Dance
Chapter Summary
The dance, the secrecy , and Pansy and Theo.....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
After dinner was over , Airakus made his way to the dorm with Seamus and the others, Harry
and Ron moody already , compared to the three other rather excited boys.
The dance would be fun, a great way to start the Quidditch season that week, and a brilliant
way to begin interesting drama that would eat the fifth years alive.
Airakus never shied away from the gossip.
He was a lot like Barty in that way . 
The thought stung him as he stood in the dorm, buttoning up his white shirt, the one with
stars cut out of it, the one Luna had given him over the holidays.
He still hadnt told Harry about Crouch getting the kiss.  
He thought it was stupid that it was his responsibility to tell the boy , and he surely knew what
Harry would say .
Harry would agree with Moody . 
Barty had deserved it.
Airakus was alone in this circumstance.  
He hated Barty , but he was family . 
And now he was gone.
Maybe he could tell Draco? He would understand if anyone….or maybe he should tell
Hermione, she could let Harry know for him…Mione would be the most trustworthy with
knowing Bartys relations to Evan.
He shrugged of f the thoughts as Ron came out of the bathroom in his pink shirt and tie.  
“I look like a bloody girl” Ron scof fed as he adjusted his hair in the small mirror , Airakus
clasping his shoulder as he stuf fed his necklace under his shirt.
“You look fine W easley , stop messing with your hair ,” Airakus nodded, Ron rolling his eyes
as he ruf fled his mass of ginger fur for the millionth time, Seamus and Harry laughing
slightly as they all tied their shoes and fixed their collars.They met the girls in the common room, Airakus having to stamp on Rons foot to get the boy
to close his gaping mouth when he saw Hermione in her red dress.
The entirety of Gryf findor seemingly walked to the great hall together that night, Airakus,
Hermione and Seamus tearing the mickey out of Parvarti and Ron who were avoiding each
other like the plauge, a gut response from the Y ule Balls horrid ending.
 
The great hall was completely filled with decorations.  
Airakus was in awe at the amount of paper hearts hanging form the ceiling, or well, floating
from the ceiling.  
The tables were pushed against the walls, food and drinks littering them, the floor tiles
coloured white and pink, the head table replaced with the speakers and a DJ.
The hall was already filling with students, everyone rather excited, together than the first and
second years who werent allowed to attend unless invited by the older students.
Airakus stood near the doorway of the hall with Hermione, Ron, Harry and Neville having
rushed of f to find an unclaimed table towards the side of the hall to sit at, Dean and Seamus
rushing of f to get food (or so they claimed).
“You excited for the match on Monday?” Hermione asked, Airakus nodding slightly as he
watched the stairs eagerly .
He wanted to see what Malfoy was wearing, and if him and Pansy would be matching like
they had been for the Y ule Ball.
That had made Airakus insanely jealous if he recalled correctly , though Semaus’ s sobs had
distracted him...until he had seen Malfoy in the hall.  
He recalled a gut wrenching feeling after he realised he had nearly kissed the boy that night.
Airakus had barely even heard Hermione when she had began rambling about Parvarti being
rude to Ron that day , and when Draco appeared at the top of the stairwell with Theo, Pansy
and Blaise, he reached towards the girl, grabbing her shoudler to stabilize himself.
“Alright Airakus? Y our really red?” Hermione asked as she looked concernedly at the boy ,
Airakus nodding with a loud swallow as he gleamed at Draco.
He was wearing a pink top, the top button undone as was typical for the boys in their year . 
It was paired with black baggy pants, ones that made him look like a painting as he walked
down the stairs, Theo and Blaise both in similar outfits with dif ferent coloured shirts sharing
laughs as Pansy nudged Draco and pointed towards Airakus.
The blonde boy smirked at him with a sly nod towards the door , Airakus grinning as he
watched Pansy prod Draco’ s shoulder , pointing at some girl, most likely one of the fourth
years who had asked him to the ball with a grin as Draco scof fed.Airakus noticed that Pansy’ s black dress matched Theo’ s black shirt, Blaise wearing blue….  
He ignored it as he eyed Hermione nervously , the girl smiling softly to him.
“Have fun, watch for Harry , dont do anything I wouldnt do!” Hermione replied as she ran a
hand over Airakus's cheek, leaving him in the hall with the Slytherins as the four rushed
around Airakus, greating him with snarls and jabs in the side, though harsh to others, loving
to the secret friends.
“Rosier” Draco sneered as he and Airakus began walking in step, following the others into
the great hall where the flow of students was so thick, nobody would hear them talking.
“You look nice” Airakus smirked, Draco blushing as Airakus brushed their hands lightly .
Airakus smirked as he leaned towards Draco slightly , to whisper in his ear (as if they were
being listened to by the hundreds of students entertained in their own conversations).
“If nobody else were here, that fancy shirt wouldnt be on you anymore darling,” Airakus
replied teasingly , Draco going beat red, darker than his pink shirt as Airakus turned, ladishly
grasping Fred’ s shoulder as he began talking to the boy , letting the Slytherins go find a table
without causing suspicion.
“Wheres Angie mate?” Airakus asked as he looked around, Fred having rambled about
Quidditch for a bit longer then even Airakus could bare (he was beginning to remind him of
Oliver and it was scaring him).
“Dunno, I think shes still getting ready , Geor ge went to go look for her .” Fred said with a
nose scrunch, Airakus watching the boy .
Airakus was over aware of what Fred was implying in the moment, and it made him very
uncomfortable.  
Fred thought Geor ge and Angie were…well, he didnt think she was getting ready , and he
didnt think his brother was just going to get her .
“Cmon Fred, Geor ge would never do that!” Airakus replied in a hushed tone as he
straightened his posture, suddenly feeling rather serious in a room full of dancing chirping
students.
“You dont get it Aira, hes always sneaking of f in the night and coming back right before we
all get up for classes…and Angie knows something, shes hiding something I know it!”.
As if they had been summoned, Geor ge and Angie entered the great hall, Airakus watching as
the pair rushed over to Fred whos jaw had dropped at the look of Angelina in her dress.
Fred turned as he greeted Angie, talking to the girl as the two began their conversation,
leaving Airakus concerned, and Geor ge confused when he saw the younger boys face.
“Where is he?” Geor ge asked with raised eyebrows, Airakus furrowing his own before he
realised what Geor ge meant.“With his friends, Ill sneak of f and find him later ,” Airakus replied with a sigh, realizing that
this night would be longer than he excepted.
‘Wheres yours? Didnt see either of you at dinner?” Airakus asked, Geor ge blushing slightly
as he shook his head.
“Dunno where he is, not here yet I presume, he was still getting dressed when I went to look
for him” Geor ge explained, Airakus nodding as the two stood, peering over the crowd
looking for their Slytherin friends….or well, more than friends.
 
The music began shortly after Geor ge and Angelina arrived, and Airakus decided to go find
Ron and Harry , to make sure they werent still moping.
He found them sitting at their table alone, like the Y ule Ball all over again as AIrkaus
approached.  
“Lads, come dance you twats, this is supposed to be fun!” Airakus sing-songed as he reached
for Harry , pulling him up from the table as the boy groaned, allowing himself to be dragged
off by Airakus, Ron leaving his glass of punch behind as he followed his mates into the
crowd of spinning and dancing red and pink dresses.
They danced through songs on songs of pop bans that normally , Airakus wouldnt be caught
dead singing, but danced were dif ferent.
Airakus eventually ended up with Seamus, Dean, Ron and hermione, Harry and Neville of f
with Ginny and Luna.
Around an hour into the night, ABBA began playing.
Airakus grinned as he turned to Hermione whos shared his look of pure joy .
“Friday night and the lights are low” Both sang as they turned to Seamus and Dean eagerly ,
Deans eyes widening in fear as Seamus grinned.
“Looking out for a place to gooo” Airakus bellowed as he and Hermione linked hands,
spinning as Seamus laughed.
“Where they play the right music, getting in the wing, you come to look for a kingg!” they all
sang as they spun about, joining the entire hall in the flow of the music.
“ANYBODY COULD BE THA T GUYYY!!!!” He and Seamus yelled, Hermione and Dean
laughing as they watched the two mess around.
“NIGHT IS YOUNG AND THE MUSICS, HIGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH!”
“With a bit of right music, every things fine..your in the mood for a dance”
Airakus shook his head to the beats as they all sang.“And when you get the CHAAAAAAAAANCE! YOU ARE THE DANCING QUEEN,
YOUNG AND SWEET ONL Y SEVENTEEN!” The four bellowed, Airakus ignoring that
nagging feeling of eyes on him as he spun Hermione around, the girl giggling wildly as
Seamus and Dean twirled around to the music.
They sung as they danced around, Airakus feeling free, feeling finally fun after weeks of
suspense leading to this weekend.
First Quidditch match, valentines day , and for the past week, the dance had been the only
thing on his mind.
And as Hermione and him spun each other about like there was no tomorrow , he saw Draco
across the hall.
His eyes were closed, his head back as Pansy spun him around, Theo laughing as he sang the
chorus, the girl giggling as Draco smiled, his adams apple bouncing up and down as he
laughed as well.
Blaise was most likely of f with some girl, who ever had ‘caught his eye’ as he had put it, and
as Dancing Queen came to an end, and as Baby I Love Y our W ay came on, Airakus realised
quickly that Draco was looking back at him with a cocky smile.
“Enjoying yourself Rosier?” Draco yelled over the music, the two now standing only a mere
few inches away from each other as they tried not to draw suspicious eyes.
“Yea! Y ou?” Airakus replied, Draco smirking with as small chuckle behind his smile.
“Id enjoy it more if Theo would stop eyeing Pansy up, I swear they’ll be snogging before the
nights through!” Draco rolled his eyes, Airakus laughing as he nodded, both boys casting
quick glances to Theo who was awkwardly watching as Pansy danced around by herself, the
boy fa to scared to ask her to dance with him.
“Where's Potter?” Draco asked, nodding to the people Airakus had left behind, Dean and
Seamus dancing about, trying not to get to close as Ron awkwardly watched Hermione sign
and twirl, a lot like Theo and Pansy in that moment.
“Dont know , really dont care” Airakus replied with a chuckle, Draco nodding as he reached
out, letting his hand linger on Airakus's wrist for a moment, letting out a small sigh.
“Fancy a dance?” Airakus asked as he bit his lip, Draco raising an eyebrows confused.
The two poured out into the hallway , Draco laughing as Airakus spun around to T ake On Me
which had started playing as the two rushed through the crowd, trying their best to avoid
people they knew .
“Talking away…I dunno what...I'm to say , Ill saaaaay it anyways....” Airakus sang, Draco
rolling his eyes as he held Airakus at shoulder length, the Gryf findor boy trying his hardest to
get the blonde to dance.“Stop it merlin its horrid!” Draco laughed, covering his ears teasingly as Airakus danced
around.
"What? Y ou dont like my dancing Malfoy?” Airakus asked as he hummed the dull tune that
could be heard valley through the closed thick doors of the great hall.
“No I do not,” Draco replied with a deep breath, trying to stop laughing as Airakus grinned.
“I thought you liked it when my hands weer on your waist?” Airakus smirked as he reached
out, tugging Dracos hips towards his own as he pressed the boy against the wall of the
corridor , just around the corner from the door .
Draco kissed him nearly as soon as they were alone, Airakus grinning into the kiss as he
pressed up against the other boy , their tongues diving into each others mouths as Draco
needily ran his hands down Airkaus’ s back, Airakus holding Draco’ s waist close to his own
as he held the boy up against the wall.
Airakus pulled back ans did a little spin, Draco rolling his eyes as he fixed his shirt, which
Airakus had been tugging at, as he smiled at the boy .
This is what Airakus wanted.  
To dance around and snog Draco in corridors.  
But he wanted it all the time.  
And he couldnt have that all the time.  
So he settled for this.  
These secret moments between them, these moments where they were actually them.
 
Airakus passed Draco the cigarette as they sat in the windowsill up the stairs from the great
hall. 
They had been missing for nearly five songs, and AIrakus had nearly bolted back into the
great hall when he heard under pressure, but it had just been ice ice baby , so he had sulked
back over to Draco and grabbed his smokes from the back pocket of his trousers.
“Think they're all sending out search teams for us?” Draco asked as he took a little drag,
passing it back to Airakus who chuckled in response.
“Yea most likely , we oughta go back” Airakus replied, Draco sighing as he laid his head in
Airakus's lap.
“Yea but I want to stay with youuuuuuuu” Draco wined, Airakus rolling his eyes as he kissed
Draco quickly , stubbing his cig out against the cement windowsill before flicking it out onto
the ground.
“I know , but we better go back before someone finds us darling” Airakus teased, Draco
sitting up with a scof f as he and Airakus walked back to the great hall, their hands interlinked
loosely before they snuck through the doors, letting their hands fall to their sides as they
slithered through the crowd back to where they had left their friends.“Airakus! There you are!” Ginny exclaimed as she wrapped her arms around Airakus's
shoulders, hugging him wobbly as she spun around, Seamus, Dean, Hermione and Ron all
stopped as they watched the ginger girl.
Airakus could smell the alcohol on her , clearly the punch had been spiked, but who had let
Ginny drink so much?  
Who had let Ginny drink at all? She was 14.  
He scof fed at his own thoughts, realising that he properly drank when he was twelve, and that
14 wasnt that bad.  
Though Ginny was a lightweight, they knew that from the parties she had crashed the year
before.
“Malfoy , need something?” Ron nodded to Draco who was still standing beside Airakus,
rather to close for comfort according to W easley .
“No” Draco replied as he rushed of f, catching Pansy's eye as he rejoined his friends, and
Blaise who had returned while they had been gone; Airakus watching him leave, his stomach
twisting.
“Where have you been?” Seamus asked as Ginny left Airakus to go dance with Hermione,
Dean and Ron laughing as they watched the girl, Harry swaying awkwardly as he peered
around the hall, clearly looking for Cho.
“With Blondie out in the corridor .” Airakus replied with a smirk, Seamus rolling his eyes
with a grin.
‘You sneaky bastard!” Seamus scof fed with a tease, Airakus grinning as the song changed,
Love My W ay blasting as they all began dancing once more.
Song after Song, spin after spin, Airakus was having the time of his life.
That nagging feeling of loneliness stuck with him whenever he caught Draco’ s eye across the
hall. That feeling of suf focation he got when he felt his worse.  
But he shook it of f each time, spinning around with hermione to muggle songs that nobody
else knew as the night carried on.
As the amount of students in the hall dwindled, the songs became slower and slower . 
Ginny had returned to the boys table with Harry and Angelina, Fred and Geor ge both far to
drunk to help the poor girl as she wailed about something unintelligible.
Airakus was swaying his had around, the feeling of slight drunkenness clear as his eyes
scanned the crowd.
They landed on Draco, for the millionth time since the boys had returned to the hall that
night, and as if the gods had planned the moment perfectly , the song changed.
Written In The Stars, one of Airakus’ s favourite Elton John songs began playing, the hall
partnering of f. Draco turned to him, giving him a wobbly smile, the red valentines themed cup full of spiked
punch in his hand clear as day .
They were both tipsy . 
The night had been long, especially after they had returned from their cigarette break.  
And the song was perfect.  
Harry was at the back of the hall, everyone was distracted by their partners if not too drunk to
realize.
So Airakus let his hand fall to Draco’ s as they swayed around with laughter outpouring from
both of them.
“There you bloody are!” Pansy grinned when she saw Airakus and Draco signing
dramatically , Airakus’ s arm over Draco's shoulder as the boys swayed back and forth.
“PARKINSON! HOWS IT GOING?” Airakus yelled over the loud music, the song slowly
coming to an end as Pansy grinned, nodding over to the drink table where Theo was pouring
more punch into his and Pansy glasses.
“Think he might like me?” Pansy asked in a teasing way , Airakus rolling his eyes as Draco
scoffed.
“Just perhaps!” Airakus replied, the three laughing as the music continued on.
Airakus felt a warming feeling when he caught a glimpse of Seamus and Dean laughing, Ron
and Hermione dancing together dramatically .
It felt stupid, to be so childish in the middle of a war . 
He felt idiotic with his arm wrapped around Draco when he knew that he had to tell Harry
about Barty , and that Umbridge was fuming from the back of the hall, plotting the demise of
the headmaster as they spoke.
But he felt like home.  
And home made him feel warm.  
Draco felt like home.  
And it made him feel warm.
So he spun around, giving the boy a squeeze as he sung the lyrics to his favourite Elton song,
sipping his drink as he grinned, face red from the punch.
 
That night, Airakus stumbled out of the castle doors, Draco, Pansy and Theo alongside him,
the music pouring from the hall, flooding his ears as the snow covered his shoes.
Although it was nearly spring, the snow was still fluf fy and thick, and not even the warmth of
the castle could contain the winters sting as Airakus spun Draco around, the two tumbling
into the snowbank pushed aside, laughter flooding both their faces as they turned back
towards Theo who had gone quiet.There he was, pressed up against the wall, being snogged by Pansy Parkinson.
“WOO!” Airakus and Draco teased with ladish chuckles as Theo blushed madly , his hand
pushing the girls short hair behind her ear as they properly snogged.
Airakus turned to the sky . 
The stars were bright that Saturday night.  
The music was perfect.  
He was warm, even the snow couldn't melt his heart.
He turned to Draco and kissed him softly , their hands interlined in the snow as Draco sucked
in a breath of relief.
“Happy V alentines love” AIrkaus sighed as he pulled back from the kiss, Draco rolling his
eyes as he squeezed Airakus’ s hand gently , leaning back in as he rolled ontop of his
boyfriend.
Chapter End Notes
literaly one of my favourite chapters because its completely perfect. I love this chapter
so much, also we get some SEAMUS FINNIGAN A T LAST . 
Also, underage drinking is illigel and bad. Do not do it, but its relativity normal where
Im from, so I accidentally wrote them in drinking so many times that I had to mention it
eventually LMAO.  
FRED GEORGE ANGIE AND ADRIAN SIDE PLOT IS DRIVING ME LOOPY
OML>  
I LOVE DRACO MALFOY OML>  
Also, I use u's in colour and favourite but my autocorrect on Ao3 is saying its wrong
because of america, so if theres a word spelt the american way it W ASNT ME.Sneaky
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up that Sunday on the small sofa tucked away beside a bed.  
He rubbed his eyes and looked around groggily , well aware that it was early , made clear by
the unrisen sun.
The moon was still out, so Airakus thought he had dreamnt the entire night and that he was
merely waking up before he looked down and saw that he was dressed in his clothes from the
dance, and that he had a few love bites scattered over top his fresh scar across his neck.
He sat up on the sofa, muttering grains as he ruf fled his hair and yawned greatly , looking
around.
Pansy was asleep on the bed, her hair a proper mess, a blanket draped over top of her , her
docs of f, unlike Airakus's which were still tied tightly , and were making his feet very sore.
He untied the black boots as he glanced around the room.  
He wasnt sue if he had been in Dracos dorm before, but he knew immediately that it was his
based solely on the Gyrf findor hoodie tossed over the banister of the other bed in the room,
and the photographs of Airakus and Seamus from Christmas sitting on the nightstand.
Draco was asleep beside Airakus, something he noticed when he heard the boy shuf fling, and
Theo was asleep in Dracos bed, or well, what Airakus assured was Dracos bed.
“Akis?” Draco mumbled groggily as he sat up slightly , rubbing his eyes as he smacked his
lips, clearly still very much asleep.
“Hey , I should head back to the dorm before everyone realizes I'm gone,” Airakus said softly
as he ran his thumb across Draco’ s cheek, the boy smiling as he rested his hand over
Airakus's.
“Alright love, meet me after breakfast?” Draco asked with a yawn, Airakus nodding as he
pecked the boys forehead, picking up his shoes as he stood, checking his pockets for his
wand and his neck for his necklace before creeping out of the dormitory , making sure he
closed the door safely behind him.
He turned around, and was met with a rather shocking sight.  
A ginger .
“Geor ge?” Airakus chuckled, still half awake, and unsure if he was dreaming or not.
Geor ge, who had just left the dorm across the hall, jumped when he heard the voice, and
turned around in shock, only to sigh from releif when he saw Airakus.“Jesus Rosier you scared the piss out of me!” Geor ge replied with a chuckle as the door
clicked shut behind him.
Airakus stood and watched as Geor ge inspected him, Airakus doing the same to his fellow
secret Slytherin loving boy .
Geor ge had been dressed in a green button up, paired with brown trousers, his shoes were
also of f and in his hand, his shirt slightly unbuttoned, a few clear love bites visable.
Airakus was matching him, his shirt fully undone, his shoes of f and his hair a compete bed-
headed mess.
“How'd you get down here?” Geor ge chuckled, still not moving from the doorway .
“Came back with Malfoy and our other mates I suppose, we snuck of f after they started
plying slow songs” Airakus rolled his eyes as he began walking down the hall, Geor ge
following him as their shoes hung loosely at their sides.
It was far to early in the morning, or well, late into the night, for anyone else to be awake, so
they were relatively of f the hook as they suck out of the Slytherin common room.
“Yea me and Adrian came back around midnight I suppose…not to sure if Fred knows where
I am!” Geor ge replied after Airakus asked him the same, Airakus laughed slightly as he
glanced around the corner , nodding to Geor ge ti let the boy know they were clear .
“Yea Seamus and Mione are sure to kill me, I wasnt supposed to leave without them, besides,
left them to take Ginny back up” Airakus commented, Geor ge chuckling as he rolled his
eyes.
“Poor tosser , I bet she didnt even know she was drinking until it was too late!” Geor ge
replied, Airakus laughing with a nod.
“We better not get caught walking upstairs like this together…” Geor ge added after a moment
of silence, Airakus furrowed his eyebrows before looking down at himself.
Ah yes, they were both relatively shirtless with love bites everywhere.  
And they had both disappeared around the same time according to both boys descriptions of
how they landed themselves in Slytherin dormitories.
“Ah, fuck em, Id rather they think I'm snogging you than Malfoy ...” Airakus scof fed
teasingly , Geor ge rolling his eyes as he stifled his laughter .
The Gryf findor Common Room was flooded with the snores of a few sixth years asleep on
the couches, but other than that it was deserted.
There hadnt been much of an after part given the dance itself had gone on until nearly two in
the morning (Dumbledore was known for being quite the party animal once he got going, and
Lee had claimed to see the headmaster spike the punch).Airakus and Geor ge tossed banter back and forth before leaving each other at Airakus’ s door ,
Geor ge headed up to the seventh year boys as Airakus braced himself to either be swarmed or
left to rest.
He opened the door , the dented singed one from the years of spells and fights, to find atleast 7
people sitting, the record player on, the lamps still lit.
“About time you came back mate, we thought you died!” Dean nodded to Airakus, aware of
where he had been.
Following Dean was the swarm.
“WHERE WERE YOU!?”  
“YOU'VE GOT A HICKEY!?”  
“WHO W AS IT?!”  
“WHERE DID YOU SLEEP?”  
“DO YOU KNOW WHA T TIME IT IS AIRAKUS?!”
 
Everyone was yelling at him, thank god for the silencing charms over the room or Mcgonagol
woul've heard them by now .
“Cal down you lot!” Airakus laughed as he tossed his docs towards his bed as he sat down on
Harry’ s bed beside Hermione with a sigh, leaning on the girl as he pulled his pyjama shirt on.
“I was with a friend” Airakus said ominously , Seamus rolling his eyes as both Harry and Ron
scoffed loudly .
They spent nearly half an hour trying to get an answer from Airakus before Ginny rolled over
in Rons bed, sending the entire room into silence.
“We got her to bed an hour ago, been trying to sober those two up since she fell asleep” Ron
nodded to Seamus and Hermione who were sharing slurred giggles.
Airakus realised at that comment that he himself was also quite tipsy still.  
Sure he had slept most of it of f but the room still swirled every time he stood to quickly , and
he could smell the alcohol in his blood.
Werewolf things, he supposed; moments later he too fell asleep.
Chapter End Notes
Wooooops havent posted in a while, my bad.  
ALSO I LOVE THIS CHAPTER.  
The orignal version of this fic wasnt Draco and Airkaus...it was Geor ge and Airkaus, soIve decided to make him more important in his last year given i have like forty scenes
written where Geor ge is just there because he was supposed to be AIrkaus's boyfriend at
first LMAOMorning walk
Chapter Summary
Liza the fourth year , a walk, an odd conversation and a trip to the greenhouses....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
By the time Airakus woke up the next morning, his head felt slightly better . 
They had all stayed up for around two more hours, until the sun had begun to rise, chatting
shit as per usual.  
Seamus, Hermione and Airakus had all passed out before everyone else, given they had been
more tipsy than the rest.
AIrakus crossed the room, stumbling into the bathroom and into the shower as he rubbed his
eyes.  
The hot water washed the grime from his skin, he felt as if he hadnt showered in weeks, but
thats what a goodnight out did to you he supposed.
He wasnt sure how early it was, just that he was tired still, and that the others were still
sleeping, their breathing steady and slow .
After the shower he brushed his teeth, making sure to check his canines which tended to be
larger than usual around the halfway point between moons (something Poppy couldnt
explain).
He got dressed, grabbing his brown trousers and a white shirt before grabbing his wand and
the book he had been reading, leaving the dorm as soon as he could.
He knew he was early for breakfast when he entered the common room to see that only Lee
and Liza Cherks were up, both sitting at opposite ends of the room, Lee trying to stay awake
over his potions essay , Liza making string bracelets.
“Airakus! Didnt expect anyone to be up other than me!” Liza said when Airakus appeared at
the end of the couch she was sitting on, the one in front of the fireplace.
“Yea, me neither honestly ,” Airakus replied, looking awkwardly down at the girl.
She didnt share a dormitory with hermione, given she was in the year below them all, but she
had been in their house since Airakus had arrived…yet he had never really talked to her
before, not alone anyways.“Fancy a walk before breakfast?” Airakus asked, Liza's eyes perking up when she looked up
at the boy .
“Sure!” She replied with a smile, standing as she stuf fed the beads into her pocket, grabbing
her wand and the two or three books that were sat beside her o the sofa.
 
They walked for a while, small talk flying between the pair before they made it the the
grounds, both unsure what to do next.
“You smoke?” Airakus asked, the girl giving him a weary look before he shook his head.
“Never mind, havent even got my lighter ,” Airakus lied, watching as the girl visibly calmed.
“Want to walk to the greenhouses? I need to get something for Neville anyways,” Airakus
offered, Liza nodding as the two began walking once more.
“Did you enjoy the dance last night?” Airakus asked after more awkward silence.  
He had thought socializing couldnt hurt, but apparently he had picked the wrong tar get. Liza
was silent.
“Actually I didnt go to the dance..” the girl replied, Airakus’ s eyebrows shooting up.
‘Why not?” He asked with a slight frown.  
He had always seen Liza around with the other fourth years girls, so there wasnt the factor of
lack of friends.  
And she was rather pretty he supposed...she was no Malfoy but she was pretty .
Maybe nobody had asked her…that wouldve sucked, though Airakus couldnt relate given he
had been bombarded with invitations to the Y ule Ball, and well, he had a date for V alentines.
“Didnt have anyone to go with, my friends well, they all have boyfriends, told me not to tag
along,” Liza replied with a frown of her own, Airakus scof fed with a shake of his head as he
held the door to the greenhouse open, letting the girl head inside first.
“Bloody ridiculous. If you dont mind, did nobody ask you or did you just choose not to go
with anyone?” Airakus asked again, wanting to really understand what had happened.
He wanted to help.  
He had felt good over Christmas helping Dean and Seamus get together; and then taking
Euan to Hogsmeade.  
He always tried to make everyone feel welcomed.  
He sure as hell hadnt felt that way for most of his life.
“Oh well, coudlnt really go with the person I wanted to go with, so I chose to not go at all I
guess,” Liza sighed with a tight lipped nod to Airakus who chuckled slightly .
“I get that” He replied, Liza smiling slightly as they entered the lar ge greenhouse where
Professor Sprout stored her plants.“What did you need again?” Liza asked, Airakus glancing around the greenhouse quickly
before he spotted it.
“Just one of Nevilles brilliant ideas!” He grinned as he headed to the back of the greenhouse,
the shy girl following him, completely unaware that she was helping Airakus get Nevilles
weed.
Chapter End Notes
Neville my lil stoner <3  
Also, I was so bored of writing plot so i added this chapter on a wim, Lizas mentioned
again Im pretty sure and I have some plans for her character but dont expect me to
rember her LMAO  
Also, my pookie bear Airakus is havin feelings guys.  
Follow my tiktok> kyd_coyote> I follow everyone back unless your like an old man or
smthnI FANCY THEO
Chapter Summary
King shit, short chapter , Liza, Pansy , theo, Draco and some Slytherin Quidditch rituals.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus and Liza walked back to the common room, Airakus rushing upstairs and stashing
Nevilles shit under the boys bed before re-appearing in the common room to head to the
library with Liza.
The girl clearly opened up more after their little chat, as she went on a ramble about the time
she had an overdue book and Madame Pince followed her around for a month.
“Yea, I dont read the Library books much, I stick to the muggle classics honestly ,” Airakus
added as Liza dropped a stack of care of magical creatures books onto the desk.
“Though I have read most of these!” Airakus grinned at the pile, he loved that topic, far more
than most.
“What do you mean you dont read library books? I see you in here all the bloody time!” Liza
scoffed humorously as she sat down, taking the half of a chocolate square that Airakus was
offering her graciously .
“Barely” Airakus scof fed in response as he took a bite of his chocolate.
“Yea you are, your in here with Malfoy all the time” she said so nonchalantly that Airakus
nearly didn't react at all.  
Until he realised what she had said, then he freaked out.
“WHA T?! NO I'M NOT?! WHY WOULD I BE IN HERE WITH HIM?” Airakus exclaimed
as he sat up rather straight, earning a shush from Madame Pince who was far too tired to do
anything about it before breakfast.
“Airakus, Im friends with Parkinson…or well, I…its a long story , but I've seen you talking to
them before, me and Marlee pass you on the way to potions, when you leave all your friends
to go meet them for creatures…” Liza explained, Airakus slamming his head against the
wooden table with a dull thud followed by a low groan.
He needed to be more careful.  
Clearly if random girls in fourth year knew that him and Malfoy were friends, then Harry
would figure it out.  Or Neville.  
Or Ron, merlin god forbid Ron find out.  
He would murder Airakus in a fit of ginger rage.
“Dont tell anybody Liza! Please its…you know my friends, they all hate him!” Airakus
excliamed, Liza rolling her eyes as she swallowed her chocolate piece, taking the bar form
Airakus's hand.
“Yea yea, I snogged Parkinson, I get it Rosier , I wont tell” Liza chuckled, Airakus going red
as he returned his head to the table with a groan.
 
Breakfast was good.  
Eggs and ham, Airakus's favoruite.  
Everyone arrived and told Airakus of f for leaving early , to which he introduced them to Liza,
which led to an eruption of laughter and greetings between people who had known once
another for years, and never spoken once.
By halfway through breakfast that Sunday , Airakus was positively sure that Draco hadnt been
there.  
Breakfast technically wasnt over for another half hour , and while most of the great hall was
still eating, Airakus was positive Draco would have showed by now…
SO he left, and was halfway to the dungeons when he was dragged into a passageway behind
a corridor and shoved against a wall.
“OI!” Airakus screamed, Draco shushing him as he kissed him softly .
“You bloody scared me you fucking arse!” Airakus chuckled under his breath after Draco let
him go, the two standing, hands fiddling with one anothers as they stared at each other in the
dimly lit alchove.
“I missed you” Airakus grinned, Draco rolling his eyes  
“I saw you yesterday” Draco replied.  
“Yea, but you didnt show up to breakfast,” Airakus added with a curious look to the blonde
boy who rolled his eyes once more as he sighed.
“Theo couldnt get me out of bed once Pansy left, said she needed to shower , then left with
Pucey and Blaise,” Draco replied, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows.
“Do Adrian and Blaise share a dorm?” Airakus asked, Draco shaking his head.
“No, Puceys with two other seventh years, but they usually bunk with Zanbini before
quidditch matches, say its good luck” Draco replied, AIrakus nodding.
Made sense why Geor ge got in and out unseen, there hadnt been any unsuspecting Slytherins
to sneak past.They stayed in the alchove in comfortable silence for a few more minutes, both boys
watching as their hands lingered together , as if it were entertaining to just stay and gold hands
hidden away from the rest of the school.
“I like you” Draco blurted out, Airakus snickering as he shook his head, trying to stifle his
laughter .
‘What?” Draco laughed in response, realising how ridiculous he must have sounded.
“I like you to you nonce.” Airakus replied, tucking Dracos hair behind his ear , before he was
rudely interrupted by Pansy Parkinson, eyes covered in panic.
“I FANCY THEO!” She belted dramatically , Draco scof fing as Airakus looked between the
Slytherins bewildered.
“You were snogging his head of f last night, I bloody well assumed that Pans!” Airakus added,
Pansy groaning as she grabbed Airakus's wrist, dragging him and Draco down the corridor
clearly to go plot some stupid plan to hijack Theodores day .
Chapter End Notes
oops i havent posted in nealy a week.....its fine ive finsihed a few more chaptesr . 
Sorry this is short OOP  
NO SEAMUS(input tears)Zanbini falls.
Chapter Summary
A rather eventful Quidditch match, befriending the entire Slytherin Quidditch team and
the after party .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus was high above the pitch, bat tucked under his arm as he looked around for Fred.
It was raining quite heavily , the first rain since before winter , the drops sleek and heavy .
Airakus was positive Harry was struggling, his glasses covered in droplets, his vision blurred
as he searched for the ever moving snitch, though as Airakus looked down on the pitch filled
of players, finding one admist the chaos seemed impossible.
They were up 20-10, and since it was already the third quarter Airakus was positive they'd
win, but Zanbini had the quaf fle and from what he could see, was making a shot at the
Gryffindor keeper every few minutes.
Airakus saw Zanbini across the pitch, just as high as Airakus was by now , looking down at
the match, just as he was, most likely to make a game plan.  
One of the Slytherin beaters, must've been Crabbe, had knocked the bludger that Fred had
sent towards Blaise away from the boy .
Airakus was positive it hadnt hit him, though Zanbini looked whipped, as if he may faint..
And then he did.
He went toppling of f the back of his broom, his body mere feet away from slamming against
the ground within seconds.
Airakus didnt take that long to dive.  
He had always been a fast flyer , beating Sirius in races the moment he got his new broom.  
But he had never gone that fast.  
His head hurt, the pressure dropping as he dove nearly as far as a hundred feet, Blaise falling
from higher than Harry had third year .
Airakus landed, Theo not to far behind him, Madame Hooch along with half the students
from the low bleachers and most of the professors rushing towards him as he held Blaise up,
the boy still unconscious, a load on Airakus’ s bad shoulder .“Knott! Mr .Malfoy! Help Rosier take Zanbini up! Its too bloody dangerous to be playing in
this weather!” Professor Mcgonagol demanded as she ushered through the crowd of students.
Just then Mme Hooch blew her whistle, gesturing towards Harry who was triumphantly
hovering in center field, golden snitch in hand.
“No matter the weather Minerva! Gryf fidnors won!” Hooch announced, blowing her whistle
once more as Lee’ s voice boomed across the field deaming Gryf findor the winners of the first
match that year .
Airakus and Theo laid Blaise down on the cot, Madame Pomfrey rushing over as Pansy sat in
the chair beside the boy , a few tears which she swore were from the rain trickling over her
face.
“Merlins beard what happened!?” Poppy exclaimed as she rushed over to the bed, looking at
Blaise panicked as she examined him carefully .
“Fell of f his broom! So far up we could barely see him!” Theo explained, Airakus nodding.
“He fainted, bludger came flying towards him, but Crabbe knocked it away , then he just
toppled of f the side of his broom!” Airakus provided, Theo’ s eyebrows going up at the
mention of Blaise fainting.
“You should've seen it Poppy , Airakus dove for him like there was no bloody tomorrow ,
swept him up right before they hit the ground like some sort of comic hero!” Seamus added
as he rushed up to the cot, clearly having bolted after the four soon after they had departed
from the field.
“Did you really dive for me?” Blaise chuckled as he sat up groggily , Madame Pomfrey
tutting as she helped him sit up, handing him a potion which he downed quickly , the smell of
the bottle sending shivers down Airakus's spine.
Silver , made him sick.
“How far up were you mate?” Seamus asked, Airakus shrugging.
“120 feet or so?” Airakus replied, Madame Pomfrey's eyebrows shooting up.
“SIT DOWN! MERLIN YOU DOVE 120 BLOODY FEET AND YOUR ST ANDING
THERE LIKE YOUR ALRIGHT!?” Poppy exclaimed, Airakus rolling his eyes as he held
the woman back at arms length, the medi witch holding him by the cheeks as she inspected
his head, shaking her head as Airakus laughed.
“Im alright Poppy I swear , just a headache is all,” Airakus replied, Poppy shaking her head as
she disappeared back to her of fice, most likely to get more potions for the both of them.
“Your an asshole you bloody scared me!” Pansy scof fed as she hit Blaise in the arm, the boy
rolling his eyes.“Hitting me? I just fainted, think youd be a bit kinder!” He replied, bantering with the girl as
per usual, Theo laughing as he began talking to Blaise about the play , and how amazingly
heroic Airakus had been, Seamus joining in as they told Zanbini about the match (as if he
hadnt been the one playing it).
“Thank you” Draco mumbled, so quiet that even Airakus barley heard him.
"What?” Airakus replied, looking at the boy with a smirk.
“Thank you, for catching him, I know you two arent really friends, just..thank you” Draco
said, looking to Airakus with round blue eyes, his lips together tightly as he held his hands
behind his back.
Airakus bumped their shoulders together , smiling at him cheekily .
“As if I wouldnt catch someone because we arent mates,” Airakus scof fed as he rolled his
eyes.
“Bloody Gryf findor” Draco scof fed under his breath, Airakus stifling his laughter as the
doors to the wing opened once more, the entire, Slytherin Quidditch team bursting in.
 
“Christ Zanbini, took a tumble did we?” Urquahart, the cpation, asked as he led the entire
team into the hospital wing, Madame Pomfrey tutting as she handed Blaise another bottle,
returning to her of fice to avoid the players.
Blaise just rolled his eyes as he downed the other potion, grimaced from the taste as he sat up
more in the bed, Draco and Seamus moving aside to make room for Urquahart as he came up
to the side of the bed, clasping Blaise’ s hand for a moment as he nodded to the boy .
Miles Bletchley nodded yo Draco, who nodded back, everyone sort of aware that Malfoy was
welcomed among the Quidditch players given he still went to practices sometimes, he just
didnt play on the team anymore after third years mishaps.
Flint, Montague, W arrington and Adrian Pucey all followed Miles and Urquahrat, ruf fling
Blaise’ s hair and nodding to Draco and Theo.
They all broke the knews to Blaise that Gryf findor had won, which was news to Airakus who
had been to distracted to pay attention to Hooch and Mcgonagol.
“Thats ridiculous!” Airakus scof fed after Miles had mentioned it, Blaise groaning as he let
his head fall back.
The entire group went silent, everyone turning to Airakus, including Seamus who had taken
to hide behind Pansys chair .
“thought you'd be happy about that one?” Mantague scof fed, Airakus shaking his head.“You were distracted, he fell nearly 120 feet?! Hooch coudlnt have possibly called that! Who
cared if fucking Potter caught the snitch?” Airakus scof fed as he shook his head.  
Whenever Harry fell of f his broom, or when the Huf flpuf fs or Ravenclaws were injured
during games, the matches were rescheduled.
Suddenly Puceys arm was wrapped around Airakus's shoulder , the boy grinning along with
the rest of the Slytherin team.
“Lads! W e’ve found one!” Pucey announced, the boys all hooting and hollering as they
attacked Airakus in noogies and punches in the arm, which did hurt, given they were hitting
the fresh cuts and bruises, though he stated strong as he let them encompass him.
It would be less suspicious if he was caught leaving Draco and Theos dorm in the early hours
of the morning if he was mates with the entire Slytherin quidditch team after all.
“Rosier , thanks for catching him, honestly , coudlnt be sure how well we’d take it if he wasnt
alright.” Adrian said as he patted Airakus’ s arm, Madame Pomfrey having ushered the team
out of the hospital wing after some second year had come in with a rather nasty tongue
twister hex on him.
“Course,” Airakus replied.
Then he had a bit of an idea.
“Oi, Pucey , come to the party tonight? Im sure Draco and They and all them are as well,”
Airakus said, stopping Adrian from leaving.
Adrian turned around slowly , looking at AIrkaus with furrowed eyebrows.
“Gryf fndor party? Not to sure if I'm welcome there, I get that lot dont mind when they crash,
but I doubt the lads in my year will be too happy ..” Adrian replied, nodding to Draco, Pansy ,
Theo and Blaise who were laughing about something with Seamus.
It was true after all.  
After Airakus had basically forced the Slytherins to go to one party years ago, they had been
common attenders of the Gryf findor celebrations.  
Though Airakus had only ever seen three or four other Slytherins there, usually with their
girlfriend or boyfriends or whatever .
Adrian was right, most of the seventh years had pretty bad house related drama, and he had
never really been friends with the Gryf findor seventh years.
Except for Geor ge.
“Weasley wouldnt mind I'm sure, c'mon mate, it'll be fun, we’ve got firewhiskey!” Airakus
nodded, Adrian giving him a tight lipped nod, his eyes wider than before.
“Sure, ill come,” Adrian replied before darting after his mates, leaving Airakus to return to
his own. 
“What were you doing talking to Pucey for so long?” Theo asked when Airakus returned,
sitting in the chair which Pansy had left to go sit on the end of Blaise's bed.
“Inviting him to the after party , which we’re currently missing the beginning of mind you,”
Airakus replied.
They were there in minutes, after poppy had insisted on giving both Airakus and Blaise one
more potion to ‘fix them up’.
The party was in full swing when they arrived, AIrkaus receiving cheers and hollers of
welcome the moment his face was through the portrait hole.
Nobody mentioned the fact that Draco and Pansy followed in behind him, or that Theo and
Blaise appeared as well, because he had been with Seamus after all.
“MA TE! WE WON! DIDN'T KNOW IF YOU KNEW GIVE YOU DIVED FOR
ZANBINI!?” Fred yelled, his arm slung over Angelina, Airakus grinning with a nod as he
flashed his eyebrows at Angie, the girl rolling her eyes humorousley in response.
How was he already pissed, it hadn't even been an hour since the match had ended?
 
Airakus found Dean with Harry and Hermione, after loosing the Slytherins to some
Ravenclaws in the year below that Pansy and Blaise were friends with.
“Good match?!” Hermione screamed over the very loud music that was coming from the
charmed record player Airakus had fixed last week, Airakus nodding as he grinned at Harry .
“WE WON!?” Airakus yelled.
“WE WON!” Harry replied.
 
The party went on for hours, until late, as most Gryf findor parties tended to go.
Airakus landed himself dancing at one point, with the twins and Seamus.  
He hadnt seen Draco since they arrived, and he turned around, eager to go look for the boy
when he saw Fred and Geor ge, a shared look of confusion and intrigue on their faces, though
different emotions behind both images.
Fred was still pissed, his and Geor ges arms over one anothers shoulders as they stared at the
portrait hole.
Airakus turned around, and there he was, Adrian Pucey in all his glory . 
He had actually came?  
Airakus hadnt expected him to, though based on the smile he gave Airakus, followed by thestunned expression he had upon seeing Geor ge, hair ruf fles, tie around his head like a
madman, he was glad he had.
“OI! PUCEY! WHA T ARE YOU DOIN ERE?” Fred asked, slurring his words as Adrian
walked towards them, standing beside Airakus as Seamus was dragged of f by Dean and
Lavender to dance with the other fifth years.
“Airakus told me to come round, though itd be fun, besides, Zanbini and Malfoy are here
somewhere,” Adrian chuckled back, Fred nodding as he thrusted his firewhiskey into Puceys
hand.
“Here mate, drink, its good for you….” Fred slurred as he stumbled over to Airakus,
grabbing his bad shoulder , the younger boy wincing from the pain, trying to keep his
composure as Fred let go, turning around to see Angelina.
“ANGIE! I HA VE A ST ORY TO TELL YOU!” Fred exclaimed as Angelina took his hand
with a sigh, taking him of f to the side, most likely to sober him up.
Airakus turned back to see Adrian standing, drink awkwardly in hand as he looked at Geor ge
with an small grin, Geor ge looking back at him astonished.
“Good match then?” Adrian asked over the music.
“Oh shuddup you big poof, you told me youd never be caught dead at one of my parties!”
Geor ge replied teasingly , Adrian shrugging with a chuckle.
“The persuasion tactics of your weird friend worked well I guess,” Adrian replied as he
nodded towards Airakus who rolled his eyes.
“What did you tell him?” Geor ge asked, Airakus shrugging as he sipped his firewhiskey .
“Told him you'd like it if he came,” Airakus raised his eyebrows at Adrian before turning,
leaving the two alone to go find Malfoy .
 
Airakus collapsed onto the couch, leaning on Draco with a dramatic sigh as he sipped his
firewhiskey once more.
"Oh hello there, think that's the best idea in a party with all your friends?” Draco asked,
Airakus rolling his eyes.
"Don't care,” Airakus replied, Draco looking at Airakus longingly before they were
interrupted.
“Care to dance?” Hermione asked.  
“Wot?” Draco replied, the girl clearly looking at him, not Airakus who's head was now on
Draco's lap, the werewolf watching the two interact with glossy eyes.“Youve been sat here alone since Parkinson and Knott went of f to snog, and I'm sure Airakus
is about to drag you out to dance and get in shit from Harry , so I'm doing it first. Dance?”
Hermione asked, putting out a hand.
Draco looked down to Airakus who grinned as he tightened the Gryf findor tie around his
head.
“If you insis…” Draco began, being dragged of f the sofa by Hermione and Airakus before he
could finish his sentence.
Airakus stood, spinning around with Draco and Hermione as the music blasted.  
He was in his own little world.  
A days well done, classes had been good, they had won the match, Zanbini hadnt died, Harry
hadnt interrogated him yet and now he was at his second party of that week.
Airakus looked up at the ceiling as he pointed at Draco, his bottle swinging around as he
sang.
“YOU AND I, IN A LITTLE T OY SHOP , BUY A BAG OF BALLOONS WITH THE
MONEY WEVE GOT!” Airakus exclaimed as 99 red balloons came on, Hermione and
Ginny swaying as they sang alone, Draco looking at Airakus with an idiotic smile on his face
unsure of whatever muggle music he was being succumbed to.
“Set them free at the break of dawn, to one by one, they were gone!” Airakus grinned,
mumbling the worlds as he spun around towards Draco who was snickering under his breath,
looking at Airakus and Airakus alone.
He was dancing like an imbecile, a lot like David to Mariah Carrey earlier that year , though
Draco thought Airakus looked best when he was acting like an imbecile.
“99 RED BALLOONS, FLOA TING IN THE SUMMER SKY! Panic blah blah, its red alert,
theres something here from soemewhere else! THE W AR MACHINES…” Airakus sang,
using his half drunken bottle as a microphone as he shook his shoulders, tapping his feet as
he spun Draco around.
“THIS IS IT BOYS THIS IS W AR!” The entire tower seemingly shook, most of the pure
blood wizards slightly confused by the song that didnt really sound like english.
“The German versions better…” Airakus mumbled through laughter as Draco began to dance
slightly , Airakus grinning at the boy as he took his hand, spinning him like they were in a
scene from a movie as both boys laughed.
 
The night dragged on, Draco, Pansy and Theo taking Blaise back to the Slytherin common
room before he drunk himself back into a state of unconsciousness.
Airakus had landed himself at the base of the boys staircase, stopping girls from going
upstairs with Hermione who was strictly sat at the base of the girls stairs, keeping people out(as if the stairs to her dorm didnt change).
“Headed up,” Harry sighed with a nod to Airakus, the werewolf standing with a groan as he
cracked his back.
“Ill go with you lot, nobody's left down here,” Airakus replied, following Harry and Dean up
the stairs, Neville having been upstairs with Ron for nearly half an hour now , Seamus still
with the few people left drinking by the fireplace.
The dorm felt stuf fy as they all collapsed into the door , taking their shoes of f as they changed
into their pajamas.
“Wheres Fred? Thought he was staying here tonight?” Ron asked, Airakus turning to Harry
and Dean confused.
“Oh yea, he said that Lee and some girl were up in the dorm cause their was a silencing
charm and it was locked, told him he could crash with us,” Dean replied, Airakus shaking his
head with a groan.
“Noway , Im not being responsible for Fredricks drunken ass when we've got a potions essay
due tomorrow!” Airakus groaned, Harry nodding with a chuckle.  
“Besides, Seamus needs his beauty sleep!” Airakus added as Seamus entered the room, the
boy scof fing with a nod as he tossed his shoes at Airakus's head.
“Well then go kick Lee out of the dorm,” Ron replied, Airakus groaning dramatically .
“He’ll yell at me though!” Airakus whined, Seamus sitting up from Deans bed where he had
collapsed.
“Ill go with you, he has my wand anyways, said he was gonna keep it so I didn't hex anyone
during the game!” Seamus added with a chuckle.
“Didnt we tell you not to play poker with them? Y ou keep fucking loosing,” Dean chuckled,
Seamus hitting him as he leapt of f the bed, following Airakus out of the dorm and up the
stairs.
Now . 
It was soon to be three in the morning on a Monday night.  
Airakus Rosier was in his brown pyjama bottoms and his Slytherin sweatshirt, Seamus
following close behind him after throwing on his sleep shirt and shorts.  
They were supposedly interrupting Lee Jordan and a girl, which was unbelievable given Lee
never got any girls, other than once with Hannah the year prior .
“OI! LEE LET ME IN!” Airakus banged on the door , but silencing charms worked both ways
if cast properly , so all Airakus could do was unlock the door and walk into the seventh year
boys dormitory .
There sat Geor ge W easley and Adrian Pucey , both boys properly dressed (thank god) though
Seamus screeched when he saw what one could only describe as a bloody good snog.“CLOSE THE DOOR AIRA!” Geor ge yelped.
“Bloody hell!” Airakus grinned as he slammed the door behind him with a loud smack, all
four boys wincing at the sound well aware they had awoken everyone who had been asleep in
the tower .
“With you on the outside Airakus” Geor ge sighed as he flopped backwards onto his bed,
Adrian standing halfway across the room by now .
“Oh calm down Pucey what've you got a stick up your arse?” Airakus rolled his eyes through
his grin as he sat down on the bed across from Geor ge, Seamus standing in front of the door ,
eyes wide.
“Im going to bed…” Seamus said as he left the room, Geor ge breaking down into laughed
with Airakus as Adrian stood, shaking, confused and terrified.
“Its not what..its not what it looks like Rosier I promise!” Adrian exclaimed.
“I really need you to calm down mate” Airakus replied, Adrian looking to Geor ge who
merely grabbed the other boys hand, leading him to sit back down.
“He already knows” Geor ge mumbled, Adrian looking at Airakus, his mouth forming an O as
the entire day of confusion invitations suddenly made a lot more sense.
“Yea dont worry , no fag bashing shall occur tonight lads” Airakus scof fed, Geor ge rolling his
eyes as Adrian laughed awkwardly , something he was rather good at apparently .
They had had a long night.
Chapter End Notes
I SWEAR I WILL POST MORE CHAPTERS I AM SO SORR Y!!!!  
But I love this chapter so much, hope you do to because as it gets closer to the end itll
just get more sad gang.Spider Eggs
Chapter Summary
Classes classes classes. Airakus and the Slytherins, talk of DA>
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Wednesday came sooner than anybody had expected.  
He entire student body had gotten a stern speech from Umbridge during breakfast T uesday
about how partys were prohibited unless or ganized by staf f, and how ‘delinquent behavior
will not be tolerated’.
Airakus and Geor ge had spent that speech mocking the woman, much to Seamus’ s delight
given the boy fell of f the bench in hysterical laughter after Fred had held his hands out to
form the womans ungodly beak like nose.
All three of them now had firm set detentions that Friday .
Airakus sat down at his usual table in potions, staring at the door way waiting for Draco.  
It had been rough all day .
He had subconsciously been avoiding Harry since Dumbledore had given him the job to tell
the boy about Barty , yet he still hadnt worked up the time or courage to talk to Draco about it.
So he had remained silent all day . 
Which was becoming more dif ficult each time Harry brought up Airakus's dive for Blaise at
the quidditch match, along with the rest of the bloody school who were all concerned about
Airakus's loyalties.
It was ridiculous.  
But as the blonde boy strolled into the room, Pansy and Theo close behind him, the worries
melted away .
“Enjoying your book Rosier?” Draco said snarkily as he sat down, lugging his bag onto the
table as he pulled out his own textbooks and quill.
“As if Blondie, I hate potions,” Airakus scof fed, Draco's eyebrows raising.
“Blondie, havent called me that in a while,” Draco replied in a whisper , Airakus shrugging.
“Why , prefer I call you something else?” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes as they both
sat up straighter , Snape beginning the lesson. 
By the end of Potions, Airakus was positive that today would be good.  
Their potion hadnt gone wrong, even though Draco had let Airakus stir it for the first time
literally ever . 
And his friends had all waved him warmly goodbye, letting him catch up with the Slytherins
quickly .
“Good day fine sirs, and lady ,” Airakus bowed dramatically as he clasped Theos shoulder
ladishly , opening the door to the bridge letting the others ahead.
“Oh Hey Airakus!” Liza smiled sweetly as she passed, AIrakus nodding to the girl as he
passed.
“And WHO is she? Secret lover your not telling us about Rosier?” Theo teased, Pansy
laughing along though the glance she cast Airakus and Draco was clear .
“No, just some fourth year in my house, she helped me get Neville his weed actually!”
Airakus added, remembering that he had smuggled drugs into the castle mere days ago.
“Whats that?” Theo asked, Pansy sending the boy a shocked look.
“Boy oh boy have we got an innocent one,” She sighed as she began explaining, Theos brows
becoming more and more furrowed by the second as Airakus and Draco watched on in
amusement.
Airakus spent the day in Creatures working with his Nif fler, which he had named David,
which was fitting, given the little guy was particularly annoying and was eyeing Draco up
like a snack.
The rest of the class were cleaning cages.  
Clearly Hagrid had a favourite.
“Need help there Knott?” Airakus asked, Theo groaning as he leaned backwards, falling into
the thick grass that surrounded Hagrids cabin.
Since the snow had melted and it was getting warmer , the class was back in the field, and
Airakus was enjoying it more than the others who were all complaining about the wind.
“”Why is this lump so hard to get of f mate? Ive been scraping for twenty bloody minutes!”
Theo sighed, Airakus looking at the brown lump, then back to Theo, then to Pansy .
“Learning moment?” Airakus asked, Draco rolling his eyes.
“Oh professor Rosier do tell!” He mocked, Airakus shaking his head.
“Thats not mold Knott, its a spider egg.” Airakus explained, Theo's eyes going wide as he
shrieked, Hagrid rushing over only to leave Theo and his spider egg alone, the boy snatching
the third grade burn protection gloves from Pansy's table as he took the lump of f carefully ,
shrieking as Draco and Airakus laughed at him.“Its really not funny , that thing was the size of my head!” Theo exclaimed as he walked up
the hillside, Airakus and Draco tearing the mickey out of him as Pansy laughed her arse of f.
“It was a dried up egg, mate there wasnt even a spider in it!” Airakus snickered, Theo
shaking his head as they walked.
“Meet after dinner?” Draco asked, Airakus looking towards the castle with a look of slight
nervousness.
He had DA.  
But he as supposed to bring Draco to DA anyways.  
But Draco would have to watch with Umbridges little snakes anyways…
“Ive got erm..club with Potter ,” Airakus said with a nod, Pansy understanding though Theo
was out of the loop.
“Oh alright, fancy me stopping by again?” Draco asked.
Airakus nodded quickly .
That was better  
If Draco did it for him, he wouldn't need to invite the boy , or make it a big deal at all.  
It would be simpler this way . 
Besides, maybe it would give him an excuse to sneak of f with Malfoy later on that night.
"Since when did you willingly go anywhere with potter?" Theo scof fed, Airakus bursting into
laughter as the four walked back to the castle.
Chapter End Notes
I POSTED TWO DA YS IN A ROW (technically not given its 1 am here but STILL)  
No Seamus my king in this chapter , but still a W ngl>>>  
Theoore Knott will be a rounded character . I dont care if it takes every bone in my body
to make him relevant in this story . 
Also, I might post some pintrest shuf fles I made for this fic on my tumblr , or even at the
end of the next chapter ...I did them in my spare class at school so bare with me here>>>  
ALSO OMG THANKYOU FOR ALL THE HITS!!! OVER 2000 I CANT EVEN
COMPREHENDYou're Magic.
Chapter Summary
The DA meeting, Draco Malfoy , friendship? And a quick scandal.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus was standing in the Room Of Requirement, Harry , Ron and Hermione all around him
as they went over the plan for that night.  
It was simple, a normal class and there wasn't any suspicion that Umbridge would be around
given she had detentions with a few kids that night.
Of course the imperial squad had been cleared by Fred and Geor ge, who were leading them
on a wild goose chase so that the DA members could sneak into the room.
Airakus wasn't too sure how Draco was planning to sneak in, but he knew he would help the
Slytherin boy if he tried.  
If, that big word.
Draco had said he would come, but Airakus wasn't sure if he was 100 percent going to.  
It was nagging at the back of his head, making him look to the door every five minutes.
“You alright mate?” Ron asked after Airakus had completely zoned out on the door for the
fifth time.
“Yea,” Airakus replied shortly as he went to stand over by the dummies, waiting for the other
students to arrive.
By the time the meeting started, Airakus was worried Draco wouldn't coming.
Although it was strange, and he knew that Malfoy's arrival would be more of a problem than
a relief for the rest of the DA, he was getting more and more antsy as the clock ticked away
in the corner of the room.
Airakus was showing Neville how to cast a water charm that they hadn't learnt in charms yet,
when the door to the room appeared, a certain Slytherin rushing in and slamming it closed
with a loud bang.
The entire room went silent as it had the time before when Draco had arrived.  
Though this time Airakus wasn't at his side with excuses.“Malfoy?! What are you doing in here?” Harry asked, his eyes going wide as he looked
towards Ron and Hermione, then to Airakus and Neville.
“Just led Filch on a goose chase away from your little club, you are welcome.” Draco
chuckled as he tried to catch his breath, standing as he huf fed, his wand still in hand.
Airakus patted Neville's shoulder as he crossed the room, past the overwhelming amount of
murmuring students casting wavering glances towards Malfoy .
Harry was glaring at him, as was Ron, though Draco didn't care. Their eyes were then taken
to Airakus as the boy helped Draco up from his little collapsed state, nodding to him.
“Thanks” Airakus said, Draco nodding to him in the most calm way possible.
‘Talk to Harry now?’ Airakus mouthed, Draco nodding as he gave the other boys hand a
squeeze, letting go as he straightened his dark green robes, turning to the others with a stern
high nosed glare.
“Harry! C'mere!” Airakus beckoned Harry , who then left the few fourth years he was helping,
Hermione and Ron following him as they all walked over towards the doorway .
“Listen Malfoy , you can stay , but only this once!” Harry said with a glare, Draco rolling his
eyes earring a flick in the side from Airakus, unseen by the others.
“And.” Airakus said, rolling his hands around annoyingly .
“And what?” Harry chanted back.
Airakus and Hermione shared a scof f as they both rolled their eyes, Draco staring at his feet.
“Thank you,” Harry said begrudgingly , Draco nodding.
“Whatever ,” Draco replied, Harry nodding of f back to his students, Ron following him as
Draco followed Hermione and Airakus over to the corner where he stalked for the remainder
of the meeting, helping a few students with their defense charms, and showing Neville how
to do that water charm after Airakus had disappeared to help some third year Huf flpuf fs.
By the time Harry was announcing next weeks meeting time, Airakus had nearly for gotten
Draco wasn't supposed to be there.  
He was standing at his side, Hermione on the other side of the room staring at Airakus and
Draco eyes wide as she watched them suspiciously . 
It was clear they had planned this, though Airakus doubted that the girl would ask him about
it.
“Yea, see you all at the next meeting, first years start staggering,” Harry nodded to the group
as the students headed towards the door , checking the hall as they went out in small groups as
to not draw to much attention.
He turned around to Airakus, Hermione and Ron, who always stayed and went over what
they had done that meeting with Harry .Though this time Airakus was standing of f a bit, Draco beside him, a foot or so between the
two boys as to not cause more suspicion.
“So, erm…Malfoy ,” Harry began, Draco standing up straighter as Airakus glanced at the
blonde through the side of his eye.
“Thanks for erm…helping today , you can come if you want to, to the next meeting I mean.”
Harry finished as he nodded to the boy , Draco glancing at Airakus before nodding as well.
“Yea sure, I mean, if I can help keep Umbridge from finding out I might as well.” Draco
offered as an excused, Harry nodding as he turned to go clean some stuf f up, Ron nodding to
Draco before rushing after Harry .
Hermione walked over , shaking Draco's hand which to Airakus felt awkward, but both
Hermione and Draco were rather punctual people.
“I'm glad you've decided to come. I'm sure Airakus helped persuade you but, I've always felt
that you would help if you wanted to.” Hermione nodded, Draco remaining silently confused
by her attitude as the girl turned on her heel and walked over to Harry and Ron.
“So,” Draco said, turning to Airakus.
Within moments they weer out of the room and down the corridor in some random empty
classroom, Draco against the wall, Airakus sucking at his neck.
“Merlin your happy , what did I do?” Draco snickered as Airakus squeezed him in a hug,
beaming at the Slytherin with a grin on his face.
“Your a bloody genius you are! My friends like you! I mean, Seamus likes you! And Harry
still hates you I'm sure of that; but he invited you back! This is brilliant!” Airakus grinned as
he nuzzled his nose into Draco's shoulder , the boy laughing as he blushed, burying his own
face in Airakus’ s other shoulder , the two standing in their empty charms classroom, well past
curfew .
“I didn't do anything, they only like me because your making them I swear!” Draco rolled his
eyes teasingly , Airakus rolling his eyes.
"And how would I do that?" Airakus tested, Draco pausing as his eyes found Airakus's lips.
"Because, your magic!" Draco said, the seriousness in his voice drowning Airakus's mind as
he leaned in, catching the boy in another well deserved kiss.
“They like you because your amazing, now shuddup and tell me about everything everyone
said to you and what you did and everything!” Airakus exclaimed, Draco sighing as he took
in a deep breath, beginning to explain how the night had gone from his perspective, Airakus
holding him close as he listened, his eyes wide with glee, stomach jumping from the the
knots forming beneath his skin, the other boy twisting them with each glance he sent Airakus
Rosiers way .Chapter End Notes
3 days in a row IS INSANE FOR MY ADHD ASS RN OMG>>>  
THANKYOU SM FOR THE SUPPOR T ON THIS FIC ITS INSPIRING ME T O USE
PROPER GRAMMAR IN THE CHAPTERS SOOOOO, prepare to see apostrophes
everyone!  
I miss summer Airakus and Seamus and David being rascals pipeline, I'm hopefully
nearly done writing fifth year , so hopefully we get more Davey Seamus time soooon....  
Also dont mind my lil wolfstar throw away , im obsessed with that scene from A TYD
rn>>>Firy soul.
Chapter Summary
Longer Chapter> DA meeting, order meeting, angry Airakus, Umbridge, telling the
truth, Minerva and Evan.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next week seemed to fly by . 
Classes were a breeze, and the idea of spending DA with Draco next Thursday was driving
Airakus mad with excitement.
He was taking care of a Nifler for Hagrid, the one he had brought to the dorm weeks before.  
Seamus and Dean were sneaking about together , Airakus and Ron in a small alliance of
plotting as they continually kept Neville and Harry away from the two boys.  
Hermione and Airakus were spending afternoons studying, the girl talking mindlessly about
classes as Airakus mauled over his racing mind.
Everything was perfect.
That Thursday arrived and Draco showed up halfway through the meeting after leading Filch
and the others of f again.
Harry smiled at him twice.  
Ron laughed at something he said.  
Hermione and him helped some third years together . 
And the rest of the club Draco hung about nearby Airakus, helping him show the fourth year
hufflpuf fs how to cast incindeo.
After the club, Airakus nodded to Harry and Ron, telling them he was going to go help
Malfoy sneak back to the dungeons without getting caught, both boys giving him odd but
accepting looks before he and Malfoy took of f, stifling their laughter as they stumbled down
the halls.
It had been a perfect day .
“I said it last week and I'll say it a million times more. Y ou're bloody brilliant!” Airakus
grinned as he walked down the empty corridors with Draco.
It was past curfew , but Malfoy was a prefect, so they wouldn't get in trouble for being out if
they were caught.“Oh shuddup,” Draco scof fed back, Airakus prodding him in the shoulder as he kissed his
neck teasingly before skipping around the corner , Draco rushing after him red in the face.
Both boys had drinks in their hands, Airakus making a stop at a stash he and Geor ge had near
one of the alchoves as they strolled down the deserted dimly lit corridors.  
He had two down the hatch already .
“Are we actually walking back to the dungeons or are you taking me somewhere?” Draco
asked as they snuck about, Airakus rolling on the walls like a secret agent from a spy movie.
“Im walking you back you tosser , if I had ulterior motives we'd be snogging by now ,”
Airakus teased turning to Draco who had stopped walking, Airakus following the boys eyes
to see Dumbledore standing in their tracks, a content smile on his face as he nodded to the
boys.
“Mr.Rosier , Mr.Malfoy , it seems there is a quite ur gent matter at headquarters, and both of
you are needed immediately .” Dumbledore nodded, and just like that any embarrassment or
panic in Airakus’ s throat was replaced with fear .
‘Urgent’
The words sent shivers down his spine.  
What had happened?  
Was Remus alright?  
Sirius?  
Narcissa?  
What about Harry?  
Had something happened?
Airakus and Draco followed the old man to his of fice, both boys now gaining height on the
old man as they shared weary glances with one another .
It was nearly midnight by now , the DA club running late, and their walk back to the dungeons
(still incomplete) having taken even longer .
Why was there an order meeting in the middle of the night?  
What was going on!?
Dumbledore's of fice felt dif ferent, as if the walls themselves were on edge.  
The old mysterious headmaster handing Airakus a handful of floo powder and with a nod to
the fireplace.  
Without somewhat of a word Airakus had grabbed Draco's wrist and dragged him along, both
boys dissapearing with a flash.
Draco had never been summoned for a meeting before.  
This was probably quite frightening for him.  
He had never even been to Grimmauld place to Airakus's knowledge before.They appeared in the fireplace of the drawing room.  
The house was the same, Airakus could smell everyone, Remus and Sirius were there, along
with Narcissa.  
He sighed deeply from relief as he turned to Draco who had a look of slight nerves on his
face.
“It'll be fine, your moms here, its alright trust me.” Airakus nodded, even though he
seemingly was attempting to reassure himself more than the calm Slytherin who was standing
beside him.  
Draco squeezed Airakus’ s hand once more before both boys let go, Draco following Airakus
out of the drawing room and into the dining room where the inner circle of the order were all
sat in hushed conversation.
“Airakus!” Remus let out when he saw the boy , standing and rushing to grab his son in a hug,
Narcissa doing the same as she clung to Draco as if he were the last breath she had in her
lungs.
“Lluead..." Airakus muttered, glancing around the room.  
"Whats happened?” Airakus asked with a hushed voice, trying not to sound like a scared
child.
“There's been an attack, I'm sure It'll be in the profit tomorrow but Moody called a meeting,
hell be here soon,” Remus explained as he held Airakus by his shoulders at arms length.
They hadn't seen each other since the last meeting, nearly a month or two ago by now . 
Airakus felt as though it had been years.  
He hated being homesick, it made him feel childish.
“New scar ,” Remus pointed out, looking at the boys neck.  
“You too” Airakus replied, prodding Remus in the cheek where a rather fresh mark had
formed.
“Puppers!” Sirius exclaimed as he entered the room from the hall, Remus letting him go as
Sirius grabbed Airakus in a hug, the taller boy breathing in the smell of the old leather that
Sirius carried around with him.
It smelt like home.
“Draco!” Sirius grinned when he saw the blonde boy , Draco nodding to him with a small
wave as the entire room went silent, watching as Sirius let go of Airakus and squeezed Draco
just as tight, the boy giving Airakus a frightened stare as he apprehensively let his hands land
on the mans back.
It reminded AIrkaus so much if third year , those secret moments, those first few hugs where
if Airakus really thought, he could remember Draco's fear in the mere action.  
He was glad it was dif ferent now . 
He was grateful they were here together at last.“Enough with this reunion, we've got work to do.” Moody huf fed as he limped into the room
on his new cane, shooing Airakus of f to his seat beside Remus, Draco sitting on his other side
as Moody nodded to Kingsley who started the timer that kept track of the meeting.
“There's been an attack on a muggle family in Y orkshire, all three of their sons showing signs
of magical ability . We think they were related to a wizard, possibly on the mothers side.”
Moody began, everyone nodding, some people mumbling things to one another .
“We identified it as Death Eaters o'course, the mark was up, the entire house was destroyed.
This was the third attack this week. They’re growing in speed and size. W e've sent Hagrid to
go persuade the giants not to join up with the dark lord again, and Mundugus was sent to
keep watch down in the slums for sign of death eaters trying to recruit, although he hasnt
reported back in a week or so..” Moody huf fed annoyed.
Airakus glanced to Remus, Hagrid hadn't been at lessons that day , was that the reason? Did
he go? They’re supply for care of magical creatures was a dimwit, Mr .Rotenalla, he had been
scared of the Nif fler when Airakus had displayed it to him after being asked why he wasnt
working on the dissection of the screwts with the others.
He hoped Hagrid was alright.
“Now , due to this erm…recent rise in attacks, we have some new missions assigned.” Moody
huffed, the entire table growing quiet as everyone prepared to get their assignments.
“Arthur , your on watch at Ministry with Kingsley and Fiona. Charlie and Bill, your on
Mundugus duty , keep a watch on him.” Moody handed the five members their assignments,
Bill groaning.
“Are you serious? W e've got to watch Mundugus?” Bill groaned, Moody snapping at him,
leading him to stalk of f upstairs, Charlie rushing after him as Molly shook her head to
herself.
Moody handed out more assignments to the rest of the members as per usual.  
Barely anything had changed, though more people were out on search for death eater activity
than Airakus ever remembered before.
“Rosier , Malfoy , you report everything you hear to Dumbledore. W e’re suspecting Umbridge
is trying for his position, and although we’re unsure of when It'll happen; we all know she
intends to get him sent of f to Azkaban. So, any word from the teachers, Umbridge, any
malpractice, any students chatting about their parents or anything at all. Y ou report to
Dumbledore, or me.” Moody huf fed, Airakus nodding.
He had already received this instruction, though nothing had really happened yet that was
worthy of telling Albus.  
Draco nodded to Moody who was avoiding looking at him, still locked on Airakus.
“Oh and Rosier , did you tell Potter about Crouch yet?” Moody asked, Airakus flinching at the
mention.He hadnt.  
He had burried it in his mind.  
He hadnt wanted to tell Harry . 
He had planned to talk to Draco about it before he did.  
He guessed that he'd have to now .
“No, not yet,” Airakus began, Moody scof fing.
“One bloody job,” Moody muttered with a sigh, Airakus rolling his eyes with a huf f.
“Hes been getting battered from Snapes bloody lessons, havent really found the time to tell
him my bloody last remaining relatives souls been sucked from his body .” Airakus scof fed.
“Relative” Moody scof fed. 
“Yes, Relative, he was basically married to my father .” Airakus returned.
He was usually mad. That was something Airakus connected to his very soul.  
He was always angry , but Moody , although he was seemingly family , had the ability to drag
the anger out in an outrageous burst of flames that even scared Airakus sometimes.
“Evan isnt around anymore is he?” Moody replied, Remus's eyes widening with fear as that
firy rage bubbled up.
“If I do recall you're the one who killed him. So I'd prefer if you keep my fathers name our of
your fucking mouth.” Airakus snapped, pushing his chair back as he stood, Draco watching
with wide eyes as Remus grabbed Airakus's shoulder , trying to calm him down and make him
sit.
“WATCH YOUR MOUTH ROSIER!” Moody snapped back, standing as well as Remus and
Sirius got up, Narcissa and Draco following in an estranged way .
They wouldn't pull their wands on eachother . 
Airakus knew hes loose that duel, and Moody knew better . 
But they were bloody close.
“Yell at me one more time and you'll see how related to crouch I really am,” Airakus shook
Remus of f as he stalked out of the room, Moody sighing as he sat back down.
“REPOR T TO DUMBLEDORE IF YOU HEAR ANYTHING!” Moody yelled at AIrkaus as
he walked into the drawing room.
“FUCK YOU” AIrakus yelled back.
Draco looked around at the adults, glancing to Moody .
“Well, I best go with him…” Draco nodded to his mom, Moody scof fing as Draco rushed
after Airakus, joining the boy as they flood back to Dumbledore's of fice.
“Airakus are you alright?” Draco asked as they reappeared in the old mans of fice,
Dumbledore standing when the boys spat our of his fireplace.“Fine.” Airakus replied, Draco sighing as Dumbledore furrowed his eyebrows.
“What happened Rosier?” Dumbledore asked.
“Moodys a bloody asshole thats what fucking happened. Now if youll both excuse me I've
got to go tell Harry that Barty's dead.” Airakus snapped, Dumbledore's face returning to one
of calm understanding as he nodded to Draco, the blonde boy rushing after Airakus as the
Gryffindor stormed down the stairs and into the corridor .
“Airakus, please slow down!” Draco huf fed out of breath as he caught up with him, turning
the boy around as Airakus finally stopped walked, looking at Draco with daggers for eyes.
“Whats happening? What happened to Crouch?” Draco asked, Airakus sucking in a breath as
he held it back.
He couldn't cry . 
He wouldn't cry .
“Dementors kiss.” Airakus replied, Draco freezing.  
The mention of that was enough to stop any wizard in their tracks.  
It was horrid.
“He was a bloody maniac but he was my fathers everything. Only reason he ever went to
Azkaban was because hew as trying to avenge him. They're all dead, and I've got Remus and
Sirius, but my blood is dead. Ive got a dead mans eyes and a dead mans humor and I wear
dead peoples clothes and Moody wants me to be grateful for it when hes the…” Airakus
stopped for breath, the tears building gin his eyes.
He had always seen Alastor as family . 
He was always around.  
He was always there during the moons and for birthdays.  
Maybe it was all from guilt.  
Maybe the man was mad driven by guilt of dumping a child on Remus and Sirius because he
murdered the only family Airakus had ever had a chance with.  
And now Barty was gone.  
And he couldn't accept that the boy he was with every moon, every birthday , thought a death
eater could be family .
“Airakus its alright ok? Y ou're safe here, your'e safe with me, I can…I could tell Harry for
you, if that would make it easier?” Draco asked as he rubbed Airakus's bad shoulder in the
spot that made it feel better . 
Because of course he knew where it was; and of course he knew he couldnt be the one to tell
Harry .
“No no, I have to do it.” AIrakus sighed, looking at Draco with a small nod.
“I was going to talk to you about it I just, this months been so much better , and it got pushed
to the back of my mind.” Airakus replied, Draco nodding in understatement.“Now we’re about to get caught…” Airakus said as he glanced over to the corner where a
shadow of a person had just been cast on the wall.
“Im a prefect its fine..” Draco began, but then he heard the voice.
“Mr.Rosier , detention tomorrow after class, Mr .Malfoy , a word!” Umbridge squeaked, Draco
yanking his hand away from Airakus's as he turned with a nod to the woman, glancing back
at Airakus as he swallowed his breath.
“Prof fesor Umbridge, please let me explain…” Draco began, though Umbridge just huf fed
before turning on her heel, becoming Draco alongside her .
“Ill see to it that you return to your dormitory Mr .Rosier .” Umbridge added as she and Draco
ducked into her of fice, Airakus breaking for it the moment the wicked woman was out of
sight.
He rushed into the dorm, ignoring Seamus and Rons calls for attention and an explanation as
he shut himself in the bathroom, sobbing silently to himself.
He had refused to cry . 
But it seemed there as no amount of convincing to stop the tears that flooded his dark eyes.
It seemed as though the world had crumbled in a mere moment.
Draco had been ripped away from him halfway through their conversation, Moody was being
an asshole and now he really had to tell Harry about Barty or Dumbledore would surely side
with Alastor .
Not to mention that the full moon was in two weeks.
There was a subtle knock on the bathroom door , Airakus flinching at the noise, a reaction of
pure instinct.
“Airakus, its me, can I come in?” Harry asked sheepishly . 
Clearly Seamus had told him to leave Airakus alone or else Harry wouldnt be the one
knocking, Seamus would already be in the bathroom with him.
Airakus looked at himself in the mirror , 
Scars distracted him from his actual face, the white lines proving that he was a monster
ragged and deep.  
His hair was growing back faster than he had anticipated, already wrapping around his ears,
his eye bags darker than he remembered though that may have been from the crying.
“Sure” Airakus replied, rummaging through his pocket, pulling out a cigarette as he sat on
the bathtubs edge, watching as Harry snuck into the room, trying not to say anything about
him smoking in the dorm as he sat down in the closed toilet, looking at Airakus rather
concerned.
“You alright?” Harry asked, Airakus scof fing as he shook his head in disbelief.  
An idiotic question.  Did he fucking look alright?
“Crouch got the dementors kiss.” Airakus replied, as if Harry hadnt asked the question at all.
“When?” Harry replied, Airakus sighing.  
“Last year , the day they caught him, nobody told us because they didnt want me to freak.”
Airakus scof fed as he ran a hand through his hair , finally letting the breath out, Harry
furrowing his eyebrows.
“Why would you?” Harry asked slowly , as if the question was threatening to him.
“He was married to my father before he died, so I suppose its a touchy subject, though it
doesn't matter now , hes a dead man walking, no soul and all.” Airakus chuckled, Harry
watching him take a rather alarmingly long drag from his cigarette.
Airakus listened as Harry stood slowly , and backed out of the bathroom, crossed the dorm
and told Seamus something, followed by Seamus walking into the bathroom, taking one look
at Airakus and telling Dean to go get Mcgonagol.
“Airakus…what happened?" Seamus asked as he kneeled in front of Airakus who was now
fully sat in the bathtub, cigarette hanging from his mouth as he picked at a scab on his wrist.
“What do you think happened?” Airakus scof fed, Seamus opening his mouth before closing it
again.
“Are you alright?” Seamus added.
“You woudlnt have sent Thomas for Minnie if you thought I was alright Sea, dont be idiotic”
Airakus replied with an emotionless chuckle, Seamus standing and looking at his best friend
with a gulp as he returned to the dorm, grabbing a chocolate bar from Airakus's nightstand,
returning and sitting on the toilet as he passed the tall boy a few squares.
“You know me so well” Airakus smiled, his eyes glossy as he ate the chocolate merrily ,
before Minerva arrived, the woman stopping in the bathroom doorway , looking at Airakus
with a small gasp before she shut her mouth tightly .
“Mr.Rosier , why dont we bring you to bed?” Minerva asked, Airakus shaking his head as he
flicked his cigarette into the drain.
“Whatever you say Minnie” He replied, letting Seamus and Mcgonagol help him up as they
walked him to his bed, the boy falling dramatically onto his comforter with a sigh.
“Now , why dont we take a dreamless sleep hm? Poppy told you one every night if your
feeling…agitated.” Minerva began, rummaging through Airakus's drawer , smiling at the
photograph of him and Draco he had hidden away before she grabbed the vials (all still full
and untouched) and handed one to Airakus.
“I dont want my bloody potions, make me feel like a zombie.” Airakus groaned as he rolled
over.“Its this or hospital wing Airakus, I cant have you keep your entire dorm up.” Minerva began,
Airakus scof fing as he downed the vial, glancing around at his friends who were all standing
around him looking rather worried.
“Im fine.” Airakus mumbled as he rolled over , Minnie standing as she walked towards the
door with Seamus and Harry who needed to tell her what had happened, Dean and Neville
returning to their beds as Ron sat on Harry's, staring at Airakus's back.
Airakus tried not to listen as Poppy told Seamus things about manic episodes and his father in
a hushed tones, and then he tried not to listen as Harry and Seamus discussed what to do in an
even more hushed tone, Harry trying to get Seamus to tell him what Minerva had said,
Seamus standing his ground.
Sleep encompassed him, the potion finally hitting him as dreamless sleep overtook his mind.  
He was fine.  
He wasnt a maniac.  
He wasnt Evan.  
He was just a bit angry . 
And a bit sleep deprived.  
And a bit drunk.  
He was fine.
Chapter End Notes
WOOOOPS didnt post for like almost a month.  
Last was on feb 5th and now its erm...feb 19th....  
Ive been annotating my copy of the secret history by Donna T artt so i haven't had time
to post or write or do anything other than pretend that Francis Abernathy is my husband.  
ANYW AYS> 
W chapter , ill post more tonight maybe???Batshit
Chapter Summary
Well deserved lie in and an interesting potions class. DRAIRAKUS....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The sun was high in the sky when Airakus opened his eyes the next morning.  
By the lack of noise alone, Airakus assumed everyone had left him to his sleep.  
He was sure Minnie had marked him excused from lessons that day after their little chat the
night before, and other than the nagging pain in his shoulder and the thirst for dark meats that
were pounding his head every few seconds, he felt fine.
He had been angry , and slightly intoxicated, and sure, maybe a tad bit manic.  
But he was fine.  
Everyone had overreacted.
Sure he hadn't been taking his potions.  
And he hadn't been reporting to Dumbledore.  
And he had been drinking a lot more that month.  
But there had been parties and birthdays and quidditch wins.  
He was fine.
Airakus rolled out of bed and took a shower , digging his cigarette out of the drain and
flicking it out the window , well aware that Dean would get mad at him in a month when the
drains were backed up because of him.
He brushed his hair and his teeth, put on his fresh uniform, tossing his clothes from the night
before in the hamper before grabbing his books and wand and leaving the dormitory .
It was half was 1 1, meaning lunch had just started, and if he rushed he would make it for the
end, and he would go to his last three classes, T ransfiguration, Potions and Creatures, and
then he would got o his detention, go talk to Minerva, and go to the library with hermione
before dinner . 
It was perfect.
Airakus whistled as he walked down the hall, nodding to Filch, who huf fed back at him as he
pushed open the great hall doors, everyone's heads turning to the one late student seemingly
in the entire castle.
Airakus walked over to Gryf findor table and sat amidst his friends, Hermione and Ginny
nodding to him gingerly along with the twins before they all saw the looks on the rest of theboys faces.
“Alright Airakus?” Ron asked, Airakus nodding.
"Better now , sorry about yesterday I was just..” Airakus began but Seamus hook his head as
he grabbed the boys knee warmly , cutting him of f.
There really was no need to explain now . 
Not with everyone else around, the girls and the twins didn't even know what had happened,
and Seamus knew Airakus would prefer it that way .
So Airakus ate his lunch, listening to the conversations around him as he peered across the
great hall at Draco who hadn't looked his way quite yet.
Though usually around halfway through lunch Malfoy would send a glance to Gryf findor
table just to check if Airakus was staring, and he always was.
So when the blonde boys eyes locked with his own, all Airakus could do was smile softly to
himself as he picked at his food (the fifth helping given he had skipped breakfast) while
Draco blushed madly before looking away quickly .
As Airakus walked in between Ron and Harry on the way to T ransfiguration, all he could
think was… thank god its Friday…because he wasn't sure if he could last another day before
the moon without being wheeled out of the dorm in a manic state.  
Maybe Poppy would tie him up in a straight jacket, or put him in a medically induced coma.  
Those always seemed so dramatic on the television shows Remus would watch when T onks
was over , the ones with the hot doctors who always wore heels to work.
Airakus sat in T ransfiguration, probably the most bored he had ever been in his life as he
watched Minnie scan each move he made.
She was worried about him, that was clear . 
A thought crossed his mind that perhaps she may have written Remus about Airakus’ s little
breakdown, but even Minnie wasn't that quick, it had barely been a day .
After transfiguration, Airakus darted out of the classroom ‘eager to get to potions’ which was
a sentence he thought he'd never say .
They walked down the stairs, Airakus and Seamus in an odd recreation of hamlet as Neville
sheered them on, the two running a muck before they ran into Peeves who started pelting
them with chocolates leftover from valentines.
They were twenty minutes late to class given Airakus and Seamus had decided to help
Peeves attack the younger students instead of stopping him.  
The detention was worth it.
Airakus returned to his seat, ignoring the snarl from Snape, and the nagging feeling of dread
that he had double detention that night after class and now after dinner . Draco had already started the potion, casting Airakus a slight glance as the Gryf findor sat
down, one Airakus didn't catch.
“Where were you?” Draco asked, Airakus grinning to himself.  
“Messing about with Peeves…actually we we…”
“I meant this morning.” Draco replied.  
Shit. 
Caught.
“Asleep, moons rough this week” Airakus replied, Draco raising an eyebrow as subtly as
possible.  
“Moons not until T uesday , besides, Seamus told me you had a bit of a breakdown last night.”
Draco replied under his breath, Airakus casting a wavering glance to Seamus who shrugged
back to him.
Airakus knew Seamus would tell Draco.  
As Seamus knew Airakus would've told Dean if it had been the other way around.  
Draco deserved to know . 
Airakus didn't know why he was lying.  
It just came so naturally . 
He had to lie to Harry and Ron all day long.  
To his family . 
To his friends.  
To the entire school about him totally not being a werewolf.
“It wasn't a breakdown per say , I just got a bit to foggy….I told Harry though, about Barty .”
Airakus explained best he could as he chopped ingredients, Draco letting his knee rest against
the Gryf findors as he handed the boy some more leaves for the potion.
“How did that go?” Draco asked, Airakus shaking his head slightly .
“Barely got a word out before he ran to Seamus saying I wasn't alright, they got Mcgonagol
to carry me to bed actually , quite humiliating” Airakus scof fed.
Suddenly , their cauldron tipped over , the green liquid spilling onto the chopping board as
Airakus and Draco both stood back with groans.
“Malfoy , Rosier! Go to the supply closet and fix your bloody mess.” Snape scof fed as he
pointed to the back of the room where the dusty storage cupboard was.
Airakus watched as Draco walked across the room instead of just sending him like he usually
did, so he followed cautiously , slightly afraid of what had just conspired.
Draco wouldn't risk loosing points for Slytherin, or ruining a perfectly good potion like that.  
He was a prefect and Potions was his favourite class.
The moment the storage room door was closed behind them Draco grabbed Airakus by the
neck and looked him dead in the eyes, the taller boy tensing as he prepared to be punched orsnogged (he wasn't sure which one was coming first if at all).
“This is all my fault! I left you in the hall! If I had just walked you back to the tower you
would've been fine and I left with that blasted woman and now you're….” Draco rambled
under his breath as he dropped Airakus's face, pacing the room as he collected rags and extra
ingredients to fix their potion and clean their mess, Airakus standing in shock as he shook his
head.
“No no no, Blondie this isn't your fault, it happens all the time I promise its normal.” Airakus
reassured Draco who then stopped what he was doing and turned around.
“Happens all the time? Like around the moons?” Draco asked, furrowing his eyebrows.
“No, well, yes, it gets worse around the moons but my father had a lot of mental problems,
nasty stuf f, wizards never take that kind of thing seriously and well, he was untreated. I'm a
lot like him, when bad things happen things get foggy , I cant remember things too much
which is why I have the nightmares, It feels like I'm drunk sometimes, like my brains fuzzy
or something…” Airakus rambled as he stared at the ground, realizing he was talking way to
much and that he surely sounded like a nut now .
“If you ever feel like that again you come to my dorm alright? W e've got a sofa, and my beds
more comfortable than yours and I don't want you to be alone.” Draco shook his head as he
let his hand linger on Airakus’ s for a moment before opening the door and returning to the
table, Airakus rushing after him as he took the rag and began cleaning up, muttering cleaning
charms under his breath.
“I cant just leave my dorm you know that, and besides, I've got Sea.” Airakus muttered as
Draco handed him more towels.
“You leave your dorm every bloody night, and Seamus helps but you know what I mean.”
Draco shook his head, Airakus letting his glance linger on the boy as he cleaned up.
He was so perfect.  
His hair . 
His eyes.  
His face.  
His sarcastic voice.  
Airakus was glad that Draco understood.  
He felt like telling someone about his father meant admitting his father was bat shit insane.  
But Evan wasn't crazy . 
Neither was Airakus.  
He was just angry sometimes.  
And the full moon was in four days.  
He was so glad that Draco understood at least.
He sat back on his stool, cutting more ingredients faster this time given they had to hurry if
they wanted to finish, letting his eyes linger on the boy for the rest of the lesson, no mind to
who was looking or not.Draco made Airakus feel less crazy . 
For that he was forever grateful.
Chapter End Notes
Im just going to stop promising posting schedules that arent real, im behind on my
writing :p  
BUT THIS CHAPTERS A W SO PLEASE ENJOY!!!!Bloody Quills
Chapter Summary
Creatures class, detention, Umbridge, blood, lots of blood, Snape, Adrian Pucey ,
bonding, dinner and Harry fucking Potter .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
After potions, Airakus excused himself nearly immediately from his friends as he caught up
with Draco, Pansy and Theo, not caring who saw him.
“Where were you this morning Rosier? you missed Charms,” Theo commented.  
Airakus had nearly for gotten that Theo was in his charms class, given most of the Slytherins
weren't, though Theo's schedule was weird with all his secret muggle studies classes.
“Slept in,” Airakus replied as Pansy began rambling about Potions being hard and how Draco
and Airakus had been idiots knocking over their cauldron.  
Then she had made fun of Airakus for getting detention as was expected.
It was relieving for Airakus to be able to be normal around Pansy , she didn't know what had
happened the night prior , she new nothing of his stress and his problems.  
She was a breath of fresh air compared to everyone else always being on his arse about
everything all the time.  
Not that he was complaining about Draco following him around and asking him if he was
alright.  
Draco could bother him until the end of time for all he cared.
They got to Hagrids a bit early that day , Airakus having taken less time to escape his friends
than usual.  
Hagrid frowned at them after explaining that they were still working on cleaning skrewts
cages for the first years, and that until the end of March it would be mostly grit work.
Airakus sat down with a smile as Hagrid nodded to him.  
Today was a breeze for Airakus, as the month following would be for Creatures.  
Since Airakus had been taking care of a Nif fler for a few months now , Hagrid had let him
keep the little guy , saying he could take care of him during class if the day was boring.  
So the Nif fler, or Spock as Seamus had begun referring to him as, sat in Airakus's lap as the
boy giggled, making fun of the horrendous faces Theo pulled each time he caught a glimpse
of the goop covered cage.
Airakus sat, petting Spock as he watched Draco dreamily . 
His head sort of hurt, which he put of f from being tired, mostly from the night before.  Then he remembered he had detention with Umbridge and he sighed a bit, Draco raising his
eyebrows at Airakus who just shook his head back.
He wouldn't bother the boy with it now , hed whinge about it later that night.
“Fancy a stroll tonight? I've got double detention before dinner then after I'm all free!”
Airakus grinned as he and Draco walked towards the castle, Pansy and Theo in a rather lar ge
argument about how colourblind people were fake just a few feet ahead of them.
“Double detention? Oh right, with Umb…”
“I'M TELLING YOU KNOTT , HOW DO THEY KNOW THEY'RE COLOURBLIND?!”
Pansy yelled, Theo shaking his head as he hid his blush and the small smile that threatened to
peek through, the girl rambling on as if she hadn't seen him.
“Yea, after dinner in the room of requirement then. I've got to complain to you about these
two.” Draco sighed jokingly , Airakus wrapping an arm over the boys shoulder as ladishly as
he would allow himself as they continued walking.
- 
Airakus knocked feebly on Umbridge's of fice door . 
He knew that Harry had had detention after that outburst at the start of term with her , and he
hadn't complained of it being too bad, so Airakus had passed it of f as manageable, like
Snapes.
“Ah, Mr .Rosier , do come in,” Umbridge squeaked when she opened the door , the tall boy
straightening his posture as he followed the women into her of fice. 
Airakus remembered the Defence Against the dark arts teachers chamber quite well, having
spent a good amount of time sleeping in it Third year , along with those strange times the year
before trying to decipher what was wrong with Moody , or well Barty , during fourth.
He winced at the memory as the woman poured herself a cup of tea.
The walls were pink, framed photographs of cats hung everywhere. It reminded Airakus of
his aunt Andromeda’ s bathroom.  
He had only been to her house a few times before she died, but it had been pink and prissy ,
because she preferred that at least one room in her house was all girly and outlandish, the rest
of her house comfortable yet practical. He remembered her old leather couch, the one that he
now noted smelled like Sirius's leather jacket.
The of fice would have been nice, if Airakus didn't have that wretched woman staring at him
eyes wide like that of a vulture as she smiled at him, very clearly a forced grin.
“Now , Mr.Rosier; you do know why you are here no?” Umbridge asked, Airakus scof fing
slightly with a nod.
“Out past curfew .” Airakus replied shortly . 
He didn't think detention involved discussing his night with the old bat. But it was better than
scrubbing the floors of the potions classroom, which he would be doing an hour later .“Mr.Rosier , you were with a prefect, so technically no, that is not the reason for your
detention.” Umbridge replied, taking Airakus aback slightly at her comment.
Then why on bloody earth was he here?
“I've failed to punish you for you're outburst in class in September , as Mr .Potter had already
served his detention; along with your general attitude. I also have dismissed many absences
from class including this morning." She squeaked, Airakus's eyebrows furrowing as he
scoffed.
"Those were excused! I was excused from class this morning!" Airakus reminded the woman,
arguing as if it would do any good.  
"Even if that was the case, a reason must be provided, that reason was not clear this morning,
alike many times in the past," Umbridge spoke, cutting Airakus of f. "To the point. Y ou were
out past curfew after being summoned to your headmasters of fice am I correct?” Umbridge
asked, Airakus stopping in his tracks.
She was asking about his visit to Grimmauld.  
She didn't know about that, and by whatever standards of suspicion he was meant to be
holding people to these days, was as good as a death eater in his eyes.
“Yes.” Airakus replied.  
One word answers, that's what Hermione always advised them to tell Rita Skeeter , so she
couldn't make assumptions.  
This was best applied to Umbridge as well.  
She couldn't assume anything if Airakus kept a stone cold face and sat still.
“What was the meaning of yours and Mr .Malfoy's summon?” Umbridge asked, taking a
rather obnoxiously loud sip of her tea as she did so, Airakus’ s blood running cold.
“Frankly professor that's none of your business.” Airakus started with another slight scof f. 
She couldn't ask him that.  
She wasn't in char ge.
“Well, if you've decided to remain as stubborn as Mr .Malfoy was last night, please do write
me some lines.” Umbridge nodded to the quill and paper sitting on the desk in front of
Airakus.
He eyed her cautiously as he lifted the quill, a small shock going through his hand, like the
feeling he got when he touched silver , a burning sensation.
“Please, fifty times neatly , ‘I will attend class, I will return to my dormitory on time’ and then
you may go.” Umbridge squeaked with a proud smile as she watched Airakus with wide
eyes.
Airakus began etching the letters.  
One by one.  
It started as an itch, then a burning sensation.  
The feeling was on top of his right hand now; as if he was being prodded by a tiny silverneedle.  
He had felt this before, when he had gotten vaccinations as a child, for the flu and such, it
always hurt rather a lot, given the medal didn't clash well with his furry little problem.  
This was worse though, as it grew , Airakus knew what was going on.
It was carving the words into his skin.  
His pale scars that covered his hand were tearing slightly . 
A rather fresh one along his palm was burning, as if it were too stitching open from the pain.  
He did not falter though, his face remaining calm and still as he repeated his lines.
‘I will attend class, I will return to my dormitory on time,’  
‘I will attend class, I will return to my dormitory on time,’
By the time the fifth line was done, his hand was completely red covered with blood, two of
his fresher cuts from the moons had torn, his nails were the only things not completely
drenched from the blood that pooled down the paper .
“You may go. T ell Professor Snape Ill be awaiting his report.” Umbridge nodded to Airakus
as the boy stood, his chair crashing to the floor , taking his robe which he had discarded in his
uninjured hand as he nodded to the woman coldly .
“Goodnight professor .” He said as he left the room, closing the door swiftly behind him as he
rushed down the stairs and out of the wretched classroom.
His eyes were heavy , stained with tears though he wouldn't allow himself to cry . 
He needed to report to Dumbledore, as he had been told, this was undoubtedly evil, and if the
man saw fit, it was dark magic at the least.
But if he missed detention with Snape then he missed dinner , and meeting with Draco.
Draco.  
The boys name rang through his ears.  
He had been pulled in last night, Umbridge had said he too had refused to talk.  
Had she done this to him?!  
Surely not, Airakus would've noticed his hand.  
He liked his hands.  
And besides, Lucius would've killed her himself if she had hurt his only son.  
As if Draco were still his son.  
Airakus scof fed at the thought as he rushed down the stairs that led to the dungeon, not
wanting to be late for dinner .
Airakus knocked on Snape's classroom door a bit harder , being relatively comfortable with
the horrid old man by now . 
He wasn't afraid of Snape like the others were, but he was still more comforting than
Umbitch.  
Then again, there was nothing comfortable about Snivalus.
“Professor ,” Airakus cleared his throat, the man looking up with a sigh.“You are late Rosier .” He replied, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows as he glanced at the clock.
“Sir, its five….” Airakus said as he shook his head at the clock.
He was on time.
“No, its six. Dinners in twenty minutes. Where have you been?” Snape sighed, as if he were
too tired to yell at Airakus.
“Sorry sir I was in detention with Professor Umbridge, I swear I wasn't gone for two hours!”
Airakus added as he mumbled to himself, trying not to seeth from the pain of his hand, or the
feeling of the blood trickling down his hand.
“Well, if you had two hours of detention with her , then I'll excuse you for now .” Snape added
as he closed whatever book had been open on his desk, standing swiftly as he headed towards
Airakus, most likely to go to dinner .
“Sni…Sir , before you go to dinner do you perhaps have any bandages?” Airakus asked,
Snape pausing in the middle of the room as he looked at Airakus confused.  
“Bandages? Maybe..why?” He asked.
Airakus merely lifted his hand before Severus disappeared into the storage closet,
reappearing as he handed the boy the bundle of bandages, leaving him in the doorway of the
classroom without a word.  
As was expected.  
Snape didn't like talking to Airakus.  
It made him feel strange, like he was in school again, a strange torturous mix of his enemies
and his housemates standing in front of him.
Airakus walked out of the dungeons quite slowly , his robe tossed over his shoulder as he
attempted, and attempted to wrap his hand.
He knew there were charms that would get rid of the blood, even close the cuts, but he wasn't
sure what Poppy would want him to do given they had reopened scars from the last full
moon.  
And the next one was in less than a week.  
So he settled for attempting to wrap his hand himself.
“Oi Rosier! Headed to dinner?!” Someone called from behind Airakus, the Gryf findor
turning to see Adrian Pucey striding down the hall rather quickly trying to catch up with the
fast paced fifth year .
Airakus paused slightly , very aware of how strange it was to be in the dungeons as a
Gryffindor , especially five minutes before mealtime.
AIrakus merely nodded as he continued walking, Adrian finally catching up to him and
matching his pace as the two walked steadily down the hall that led to the stairs.“Alright mate? Y ou're being rather quiet..” Adrian commented after a few moments of
awkward silence had passed.
“Yea sorry just can't get this to stay ,” Airakus scof fed as he showed Adrian his mess of
wrapped bandages, the boys eyebrows shooting up when he saw the blood covered mess his
hand was.
“Let me do it.” Adrian insisted, Airakus seeing no other option as he stopped walking,
allowing the seventh year to wrap his hand cautiously .
“If you don't mind, what happened?” Adrian asked, Airakus shaking his head which
answered the boys question enough.  
“How's W easley?” Airakus asked, changing the subject. Adrian's eyebrows shooting up again
as the two began walking once more.  
“So, you do know about that right? Geor ge told you eh?” Adrian asked, Airakus nodding
slightly , the older boy sighing relieved as he smirked slightly .
“Yea it's, well it's good.” Adrian replied, Airakus smiling.  
He was glad Geor ge was coming by newer relationships naturally . 
He had always been slightly weary about the topic of dating and girls, as had Seamus.  
Airakus was now aware why .
“How about erm…you and Malfoy?” Pucey asked, catching Airakus of f guard slightly . 
Nobody had really ever asked him that before. He hadn't spoken to Sirius or Remus really
since the holidays. Hermione kne, sure; but she didn't talk about it, she avoided the subject as
if it were cursed. Seamus asked, but he wanted the gory details and nothing more. Not to
mention that to Airakus's knowledge those few people, Geor ge and Pansy were the only ones
who knew about his and Malfoys erm...relationship.
“He tell you about that?” Airakus replied slightly confused as to how Adrian Pucey of all
people knew about him and Malfoy .
“Geor ge? No, Draco actually .” Adrian nodded, Airakus smiling to himself slightly as they
kept walking, headed up the final set of stairs that led to the main floor .
“Anyways, how are you going?” Adrian asked, Airakus nodding with a chuckle.
‘Good good, he's coming for easter ,” Airakus added, Adrian's eyebrows going up (something
Airakus realised he must do a lot) as he blew out a hoot.
“Meeting your parents?” Adrian asked, Airakus pausing for a moment before he shrugged.
“He knows my godfather , but my parents aren't around so no, he's been for holidays before,
Draco I mean.” Airakus explained, Adrian nodding slightly .
“Your parents dead too then?’ Adrian asked, Airakus nodding to that.
“Yea my mum died when I was little, my dads still kicking but barely .” Adrian explained,
Airakus nodding.  "I'm sorry" Airakus added, Adrian muttering a scof f.
A moment of silence between the two passed, Adrian waiting for Airakus to explain his story . 
But Airakus didn't.  
So he kept talking.  
That was something Airakus appreciated about the simplicity of new friendships.  
The fact that they didn't have to talk about deep stuf f if they didn't want to, and all was well.
“He'd be fine with me and Geor ge really , I doubt he'd mind, just, Geor ge is worried about
telling his family…something about Percy .” Adrian nodded, Airakus sighing.
“Yea, his family is fine with it, his brothers are really supportive, god Ron bloody loves
everyone blindly but Molly can be a bit controlling sometimes. I love her , but she can be a bit
much. Percy , yea, that's a long story .” Airakus added, Adrian nodding.
“Wish I understood any of that stuf f, with his mum, he tries to tell me but I just can't really
grasp much of it.” Adrian commented, Airakus nodding.
“Yea, Draco and his mum are like best friends. I never really got it either , can't relate I
suppose.” Airakus chuckled slightly , Adrian laughing along as the two entered the great hall.
Airakus paused when he saw Draco, Pansy and Blaise eyeing him and Adrian curiously , then
he turned and saw Seamus, Ginny and Hermione all watching him confused, before they saw
his hand, their eyebrows shooting up simultaneously .
“Sitting with us?” Adrian asked, Airakus shaking his head as he nodded the boy goodbye,
crossing the great hall and taking his usual seat between Harry and Seamus with a sigh.
“Airakus give me your hand!” Dean exclaimed as he grabbed it, tugging the boy halfway
across the table, Airakus yanking his hand back.
"I'm fine, I'll go see Poppy after dinner .” Airakus replied, Dean shaking his head as he handed
Airakus the extra buns that the boys always saved for him when he was late for dinner .
“What happened?” Seamus asked.
Airakus turned to Harry who was staring at his plate gully , as Hermione and Ron stared at
Airakus and Harry oddly .
“I'm sure Harry’ll tell you later Sea, I'm gonna to sit with Luna, promised her we’d go over
my notes on creatures.” Airakus added suddenly overcome with anger as he stood, ruf fling
Seamus's hair in the calmest way possible, to tell the boy that he wasn't mad at him before
crossing the room and taking his seat beside his cousin, Neville squeaking slightly from
across the table as he greeted Airakus.
This would be a long night.
Chapter End NotesI POSTED! One of my favourite chapters because I love writing about characters who I
put in the story like Adrian or Euan or Liza. Mostly because i can give them they're own
personalities and stuf f, we love original characters here (clearly).  
Promise Drairakus in the next chapter but also some DRAMA>Good and Evil
Chapter Summary
Panic, Poppy , Dumbledore, Drairakus and a new development...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus took deep breathes as he stood outside the great hall as calmly as he could.  
He had warded of f his friends, saying he was waiting for Poppy to be done eating.  
Then warded of f Luna who had wanted to keep talking about the Nif fler, and Neville who
had wanted to keep hanging out with them both.  
Then Liza who wanted to go for a walk.  
Then Draco, Pansy , Theo and Adrian had caught him and Collin Creevery sharing a
chocolate bar .
“See you tomorrow Airakus!” Collin squeaked as he rushed away , camera still bigger than his
head though he was growing.
He was in fourth year now . 
Maybe Liza and him would be friends?
“Why are you friends with so many children?” Pansy added, though she was drowned out by
Draco grabbing Airakus's wrist, inspecting his rather beaten up looking hand with worry
covering his face
“Pucey , you told me it wasn't that bad!?” Draco exclaimed, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows
as Adrian shrugged, swallowing the dinner roll he was clearly still eating.
“He said he was fine,” Adrian replied.
‘Yes, he says that everytime he nearly dies! Read between the lines!? How are you passing
any of your bloody classes?!” Draco mumbled, Adrian laughing as he fled with Theo and
Pansy after Draco insisted they leave.
“We’re going to the hospital wing.” Draco demanded as he began walking, Airakus's wrist
still in his hand.
“Draco…” Airakus began, Draco cutting him of f.
"No Airakus, we've got to go!” Draco said again/
“Draco list…”“AKIS WERE GOING T O SEE POPPY YOU'RE BLEEDING FOR HELL'S SAKE!” Draco
yelped slightly , a few of the younger students who were around turning to the sound.
“I'm not trying to get out of it Dray ..” Airakus said in a hushed tone as he held onto Draco’ s
hand with his own.
“Just tell me she didn't do that to you as well? Because if she did I'll fucking kill her .”
Airakus said, his eyes pure and honest as he did so.
Because in all honesty he believed he might actually murder Umbridge if she had laid a
finger on Draco.
“I like you when your jealous” Draco grinned, Airakus shaking his head again as they kept
walking down the now deserted corridor , most of the other students of f in the common rooms
or on the grounds.
“Did she do it too you?!” Airakus asked again, Draco shaking his head as he displayed his
clear hands to Airakus.
“No. I wouldn't have let you go to detention today if she had,” Draco shook his head,
mumbling something about the old bitch as he and Airakus walked steadily towards the
Hospital wing.  
-
Madame Pomfrey was livid.  
Her eyes were wide and her breath was shaky , her pulse was racing, Airakus could feel it as
she cleaned his hand and cast the same charms to close the wound that she used after full
moons.
“Im positive this will reopen on T uesday , I'm sorry Mr .Rosier , but there's really nothing I can
do but tell you to try and avoid irritating it further ,” Poppy sighed as she re-wrapped
Airakus's hand in a fresher bandage, one that worked.
“Thank you Poppy ,” Airakus said meekly , the medi-witch casting Draco a wandering smile as
she wandered back to her other patients, two boys down with the flu.
Airakus and Draco then walked in silence to Dumbledore's of fice. 
Airakus wasn't sure if Draco was nervous or not, but the boy seemed to be on edge as
Airakus mumbled the password that no other students were permitted to know .
“Ah Rosier , you're late to report for your DA meeting, was going to have to summon you
tomorrow!” Dumbledore smiled when he saw Airakus, that mischievous glint in his eyes
flicking when he noticed Draco following him inside.
“Oh right, sorry sir , I've actually come to report some things…erm, Moody told us both to tell
either one of you if we noticed anything suspicious and well…” he began.  
-Dumbledore sat in his chair , Airakus's hand displayed on his desk as he inspected the
markings carefully , a look of pure horror on his face, one Airakus had never seen the old man
make before.
“I hate to tell you this Airakus, but I'm afraid there's not much I can do here.” Dumbledore
sighed as he sat up, taking of f his glasses as he pinched his nose bridge; he sounded like
Poppy .
Draco scof fed slightly , though shut his mouth quickly when he saw the utmost disappointed
look on Airakus's face.
“As I am sure you both know , Professor Umbridge is attempting to steal my position as
Headmaster of Hogwarts, as is Cornelius. I will not allow her to do this again, to any student.
And I will have someone supervise her detentions, although you are the first student to report
this…I'm afraid Mr .Potter may have also been a victim to her abuse, though he's yet to
mention anything out of the ordinary to me.” Dumbledore explained.  
Airakus shook his head slightly .
“She did it to him as well, I think he's convinced you're avoiding sir . That's not what he needs
right now .” Airakus sighed as he stood, well aware that this conversation wouldn't take him
anywhere else.
“Harry's needs are not my priority at the moment. Remaining the headmaster is the most
crucial aspect for our plan, and as long as I have you watching Mr .Potter , he will be fine.”
Dumbledore nodded, and that was that, Airakus turned and walked out of the of fice, Draco
rushing after him, eyebrows furrowed confused as ever .
“Is that really all he has to say?! She could've bloody killed you!” Draco snapped the moment
the door was closed behind them, although Airakus was well aware they were still too close
to speak freely .
So they walked, Draco silently watching Airakus as the boy , head high, cleared cornes and
hallways, the pair scurrying to the Room of Requirement like their lives depended on it.
The moment the doorway shut behind them Airakus took the nearest thing, which turned out
to be a book, and chucked it across the room with as much force as he could, groaning with a
huff as he collapsed into the sofa the room had supplied.
“THIS IS FUCKING IDIOTIC!” Airakus swore, groaning again as Draco walked over to the
couch slowly , looking down on the Gryf findor with a frown.
“He's supposed to help! He's supposed to be in char ge. Remus never liked him, and it's
bloody well clear why now . He doesn't care what happens to Harry . He needs him for this
stupid game. And god forbid I lose all my blood and die from that bitch, he'll keep her here to
save his own ass!” Airakus exclaimed, Draco sitting on the other end of the couch with a nod.
“He's always been rather strange, Dumbledore…I've never really seen why you lot think hes
so great.” Draco scof fed, Airakus nodded with a sigh.You lot.  
It was salt in the wound.  
That Airakus was still a part of that group, the one that Draco would never be a part of.  
A Gryf findor , quidditch player , Harry Potter's best friend.
He scof fed.
“Well fuck my lot. They're wrong. They'll see it eventually , that they're all wrong about this.
They're just as bad as the death eaters. Murder? Just as bad as ripping families apart. My
bloody fathers dead because of the head of the order . The oh so high held headmaster's the
reason James and Lily are gone, he's the reason for all of this. Its lunatic to think otherwise.
Barty had always been right you know!” Airakus seethed, standing as he paced in front of the
fireplace, Draco watching on in slight shock.
“Barty was insane Airakus, you know that…and Moody only killed your father because he
had too.” Draco reminded Airakus cautiously , afraid that the boy would be angry with him.
He always knew what to say . 
To be honest.  
To not lie to Airakus and go along with whatever he thought.  
Draco always stood his ground, and it helped keep Airakus down, down from the clouds his
head traveled to.  
Thats what Airakus needed; to be grounded.
“Yea I know , I know , it's just all so exhausting.” Airakus sighed as he collapsed onto the sofa
again, his head landing on Draco’ s shoulder as he stared at the fireplace crackling along.
“You think Dumbledore knows I haven't given him the letters from my father this month
yet?” Draco asked, Airakus sighing as he step, looking at Draco his eyes rested.
“Most likely , why haven't you?” Airakus asked as he took Draco's hand, rubbing his
calloused thumb over the boys soft knuckles as he spoke.
“They've just been normal. He's been asking me how classes are, talking about how he's been
doing with work and such. Erm….a lot about his work really . Asking me if mothers alright,
though he just wants to know where she is…” Draco trailed of f, looking at the fire.
“Will you tell him?” Airakus asked, Draco shook his head.
“Cant, not supposed to. Besides, I don't want him to know .” Draco sighed, Airakus nodding
in understandment.
“I think I've always loved my father really , even though he is the way her is. But I can't let
that cloud my choices of what's right and wrong. Because he's wrong, and I want to be good.”
Draco said, choking slightly on his words.
Airakus held the boy as he breathed shakily . 
He dare not sob, or cry aloud, but his eyes were wet with tears and his face stained with
emotions unspoken.  Lucius had always been a topic mainly avoided.  
But Airakus always knew why . 
Because Draco knew his father was an unavoidable thing in his life, that after all, he'd have to
face the man eventually . 
And Airakus knew that Draco really did love his family .
"I don't think the world is separated into good and evil. I dont think your father's evil, just
how I know my father wasn't evil." Airakus began, pausing as he felt Draco's shoulders sag
with releif.
“And you are good. Y ou know that.” Airakus reassured him, Draco shaking his head as he
wiped his face quickly , looking away with a scof f.
“How do you know that?” Draco asked, Airakus tutting with a shake of his head as he sat up
straighter , looking Draco in the eyes.
“Because If you weren't good, then you would've left a long time ago, or ran, or told
somebody what was going on. Y ou wouldn't be worried about handing in the letters, you
wouldn't be helping with the DA, you wouldn't laugh at Theo's bad jokes about the screwts,
you wouldn't blush when you catch me looking at you at dinner .” Airakus listed teasingly ,
Draco groaning as he hid his face with a pillow , once again going red in his pale face.
“Ok,ok, I get it!” Draco chuckled, but Airakus continued.
“You wouldn't be so sweet to Euan, you wouldn't help Neville in class, you wouldn't play
with my hair , you wouldn't be so handsome and talented because those are all good things,
especially the talented part, your a bloody good kisser and your really good at piano…”
Airakus didn't even finish his sentence before Draco had tackled him, stuf fing the pillow in
his face as he shushed him.
“Alright alright I get it!” Draco laughed as Airakus took the pillow and tossed it away , a
gleam appearing in his eye as he flipped them both so that Airakus was on top of Draco,
pinning him to the couch as he looked down at the boy with a smirk.
Airakus was rather late coming back that night, not even Seamus had waited up for him.  
He was rather glad of that fact, because nobody could question the grin he had on his face, or
the lack of glumness from his double detention and bandaged hand.
He would tell Seamus what they had done tomorrow , and he was positive the boy would
faint.  
It really was as good as Fred had claimed it was.
Chapter End Notes
OOP FINAL Y?! ALso, POSTING????? No seamus in this chapter ....BUT
DRAIRAKUS?!!!!!!Belated Birthday
Chapter Summary
The morning after , telling Seamus, breakfast, Rons emer gent birthday party .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“YOU WHA T!?” Seamus screeched as the shower stopped running, the short boy was sitting
on the sink countertop brushing his teeth.  
Airakus had just stepped out of the shower and was now pulling on his boxers as he dried his
hair with the already sopping wet towel., laughing at his friend.
“Yea, its brilliant Sea you better get on with it,” Airakus teased, Seamus flicking water from
the tap at the boy who replied by whipping him with the towel.
‘I cant believe it! I always thought Harry would be the first to lose his, he's famous and all,”
Seamus groaned, Airakus grinning with a shrug.  
He had realised that morning as he and Seamus sleepily crawled out of bed halfway through
breakfast that he was in fact the first of the boys to lose their vir ginity .
He didn't feel much dif ferent, just a but more grown he presumed.  
But that may also have been because of the meltdown and very adult conversation with
Dumbledore he had had prior to the sex, which had been rather good.
“Did we miss breakfast?” Airakus asked as he tugged his dark red t-shirt over his messy wet
hair, Hermione having just rushed into the room.
“No no, its not over for another hour , are you alright? I meant to find you after dinner but I
couldn't for the life of me!” Hermione exclaimed as she walked over to Airakus, grabbing his
hand which was tight with the bandage, Seamus having re-wrapped it that morning after
Airakus had dried from the shower .
“Im fine Mione really , I'm just worried that Harry didn't tell me.” Airakus added, Hermione
sighing.
“He didn't tell us either , me and Ron saw his hand after Halloween, he's had at least four
detentions with her since then and he keeps hiding it, says he doesn't want to tell
Dumbledore.” Hermione frowned, Airakus shaking his head.
“He doesn't have to, me and Blondie already did,” Airakus replied, Hermione nodding with a
small smile.“I'm glad you brought Malfoy to the meeting by the way , thank you. I've been trying to get
Harry and Ron to warm up to him, what with his mum living in Grimmauld,” Hermione
commented, Airakus chuckling slightly .
“And with him living in W ales, yea, they might need to warm up a bit faster .” Airakus sof fed,
Seamus sighing from the other side of the room as Hermione furrowed her eyebrows.
“Well I could always…” the girl began, Airakus shaking his head.
“No Mione, don't do anything, they'll come around eventually . He's not ready for them to
know yet anyways.” Airakus explained, Hermione nodding before turning and leaving the
two boys to finish getting ready .
“You sound so gay when you say that, 'oh he doesn't want them to know yet'. Y ou my friend
are a little bitch for Draco Malfoy .” Seamus mocked, Airakus rolling his eyes as he tugged
his jeans on, flipping the boy of f as he kneeled beside the small cage where the Nif fler was
asleep.
“Think we should bring him out today? I was thinking bout going for a fly but Iv decided
against it” Airakus said in a mocking posh accent, Seamus nodding with a snicker as he
grabbed his wand and the marauders map, following Airakus and the Nif fler out of the
dormitory as they headed down for breakfast.  
-
“Mornin!” Airakus greeted everyone they passed, Seamus cof fing each time as he teased the
taller boy .
It seemed as though the meltdown over Barty , the detention with Umbridge, the rage from
Dumbledore, had all disappeared with a cold shower and a quick shag.
It was stupid, but Airakus was relieved it had disappeared so simply , he was unprepared for
another breakdown like the one he had had the other day , and he preferred everything be
sunny and simple for the weekend given the full moon was that T uesday .
Airakus sat down in his usual spot, in between Harry and Seamus, letting Ginny take the
Niffler of f his left shoulder where it had been sitting as she cooed over the little guy .
He smiled as Harry asked him to go for a fly , sighing with a nod of agreement as he poured
himself apple juice for the first time all year . 
It was a sign of spring coming when Airakus stopped drinking pumpkin juice. ‘It boosts
moral to drink fruit water ’, that's what Remus always said over the summer breaks when
Airakus and Seamus would chug box after box of apple juice and eat peaches religiously
every morning at breakfast.
“Think we might be able to have a lie in tomorrow lads? Fred's got an entire case of whiskey
but there's no chance of a party anytime soon, he said he didn't want to waste it,” Geor ge
began as he sat down on Seamus's other side, perfectly in view of the Slytherins (Particularly
Adrian) who he meant to catch eyes with.“Yea sure, we were gonna sneak into the kitchens later to get the leftover cakes and tarts from
Valentines anyways,” Airakus replied, Seamus grinning at the idea of sweets and whiskey
followed by a sunday morning lie in.
“Wow, thanks lads, happy birthday to me. No party?” Ron asked, the boys all cooing
dramatically .
It had been Ron's birthday the day before, though the boy had been tugged home by Molly
for a special treat, which had turned out to be a nice dinner with his parents.  
So no party had occurred the night before, not even a round of happy birthdays at dinner .
“Well, we could have your party tonight, its an excuse” Fred shrugged as he sat down, Ron
nodding.
"Wow! An excuse!? When did I become an excuse?” Ron groaned as Fred erupted into holers
about the birthday party that night in the Gryf findor Common room, Minerva groaning from
the staf f table as she prepared to drown out the noise all night.  
-
The day flew by (pardon the pun) as Airakus, Harry and Ron lapped the court over and over
again.
At lunch, Airakus caught Draco and Pansy talking, Pansy's jaw dropping as Draco blushed
madly . 
Airkuas smiled to himself, well aware of what she had just learned.
After lunch, Airakus and Geor ge went down to the library to ‘study’ which led to the boys
finding Theo and Adrian down by the change rooms where the boys then smoked a few cigs
before heading back to the castle for dinner .
It was half past seven by the time Airakus arrived in Gryf findor tower , to find Fred and
Angelina, along with a few other people hanging banners and balloons all around the room,
Fred eventually shooing Airakus upstairs given it ‘wasn't time yet’.
At half past eight, the party began.  
The common room was packed tight, the firewhiskey was gone within minutes, and the tower
shook from the music (which Seamus and Airakus had charmed to be three times louder than
the record player would go).
As Airakus collapsed into his bed early Sunday morning, tired and drunk out of his mind he
promised himself that he would stay sunny for the rest of his life, and that he would never
drink again.  
Only one was a promise he planned to keep.
Chapter End NotesThis chapters a short one, and its mostly here because I FORGOT T O ADD RON'S
BIRTHDA Y AND THEN WENT T O CHECK THE DA TES FOR THE FULL MOON
AND REALISED I MISSED IT ...... 
ANYW AYSSSSSSS W chapter :))))))))))))  
Go follow the tumblr guysssssWhen did we get a child?
Chapter Summary
Result of the full moon, Draco and the child....Euan camio, Harry being a dick, Draco
being a lil cutie pie, Seamus the saviour .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The full moon was bright in the sky that night.
Airakus had been excused from his T uesday classes, which was greatly appreciated given he
felt as though he would rip his own head of f any moment.  
His skin itched, his head pounded and his ears rang as he followed Poppy to the shrieking
shack, the setting sun casting a shadow over the intimidating tree.
The walk to the shack was longer than Airakus had ever remembered it being, his legs sore
from the build up to the moon, his knees aching, his shoulder pounding, his hand throbbing.
He woke up W ednesday morning in the hospital wing, his hand still merely in the wrap, his
shoulder throbbing, through it was also wrapped tightly with bandages, his left knee and his
right arm both plastered with bandaged, tingling from charms Poppy had cast a few hours
ago.
It was still early , not much past nine, meaning classes had just started.  
Airakus doubted anyone would come see him until lunch, but as he turned around in his bed,
shfiting hismelf so he was sitting upright, there they were, Draco and Seamus, stood in the
doorway ar guing with poppy who was trying to get them to leave and go to class.
“Morning!” Airakus called to the three groggily , the trio rushing over to him, Poppy more
concerned with him being awake so early than the two boys missing History class.
“How are you?’ Draco asked, Airakus grinning.
“Been better” He teased, Seamus chuckling as Draco shook his head, stifling his laughter as
Madame Pomfrey fussed over Airakus's potions and plasters.
“Poppy I feel relatively fine, I don't feel like sleeping.” Airakus said as he shook his head at
the dreamless sleep draught that Madame Pomfrey was rushing over to him with.
Seamus and Draco shared a look of concern as the woman tutted and left it on his night stand,
giving the boys five minutes before she'd send them of f to class to let Airakus rest.
“You need to take your potions Airakus,” Seamus began, Airakus shaking his head.“Is not like that Sea, I'll take it tonight, I'm just not tired, I feel alright really for a moon this
bad,” Airakus lied through his teeth, Seamus nodding slightly , still apprehensive though
Draco was smiling.
“I'm glad you're alright, gave us all a scare when you didn't come to breakfast yesterday ,”
Draco added, Seamus rolling his eyes.
“He bloody came over to the table and asked where you were, caught him looking for you at
least forty times before that,” Seamus shook his head, Airakus looking at Draco with wide
eyes before the Slytherin scof fed.
“I went over there and said my normal teasing mean shit before asking where you were. It
wasn't strange or anything, I was casual I promise!” Draco explained, Airkaus sighing
releived as Seamus gave him an odd look.
“Alright boys, time to go!” Poppy yelled from her desk, Draco letting go of Airakus's hand
which he had instinctively been holding as he turned and walked away , Seamus giving
Airakus a soft smile as he followed the boy .
Airakus watched them leave, and then put his sleeping draught in a cup, drinking it in one
swallow as he let the swirl of darkness consume him.  
He was tired after all.  
Because he slept all day .
 
He woke up to someone poking him apprehensively . 
At first he groggily sat up with a muttered ‘fuck of f’ because the werewolf had assumed it
was Neville or Hermione.  
But instead when he rubbed his lar ge green eyes, he turned to find Euan sitting in the chair ,
Draco at the end of his bed with a look of pure exhaustion on his face.
“Classes were canceled today , thought I'd bring him here he's been asking if you're alright…”
Draco explained to the slightly alarmed Airakus as the boy turned to the first year .
“Just got the flu, promise you mate ill be alright, no need to worry!” Airakus reassured Euan
as the boy began rambling out questions like there was a limit on the amount of time he could
talk.
“I just saw Draco and Seamus ar guing and I got worried, I thought something bad had
happened to you!” Euan sighed, Draco groaning as he face palmed, Airakus turning to him
with furrowed eyebrows.
“Ah, Mr .Abercrombie? Mind explaining why you're here?” Poppy tutted as she walked over ,
smiling to Draco warmly , something she had begun doing since they had arrived back from
winter break.
“I'm here to check on my friend!” Euan replied with a smile, seemingly shaking in his chair
as the medi witch handed Airakus a few bottles.“You're good to go tonight, I'm sure Euan and Mr .Malfoy can help you back to your
dormitory no?” Madame Pomfrey asked, Euans eyes lighting up.
"I've never been in the older boys dormitory before! Is there a swimming pool?! Is there a
slide?!” He began rambling, Airakus sighing as he smile to Poppy who gave him a wink
before she woman disappeared back into her of fice.
Airakus made note that it was rather grim outside that day . 
There was a DA meeting tomorrow night, he knew that, given he had been afraid that if the
moon was bad he wouldn't be able to go to it.
The sky was grey , the clouds rolling over themselves.  
Airakus had a bad feeling that the quidditch match next week would be canceled, given this
storm looked like it was staying.
Euan rambled on, rushing ahad of them, Airakus’ s small stack of books and chocolate stacks
on his arms as he grinned, eager to get back to Gryf findor tower .
“Classes were canceled then?” Airakus asked, Draco nodded as he helped Airakus limp down
the corridor , his knee still quite bothering him.
“Dumbledore said it was a gift for good behaviour . I think its because all the teachers are
hungover from Flitwicks birthday yesterday , so no classes today or tomorrow actually!”
Draco chuckled, Airakus sighing.
“I missed his birthday?I would've won beer pong this year I swear!” Airakus joked, Draco
rolling his eyes as Airakus leaned on his smore, grunting slightly as he tried not to let his pain
win him over .
“You know what I thought would be funny , if Draco was a girl that you two would get
married. I told Seamus about it and he laughed so hard that Professor Snape threatened to
burn his hair of f!” Euan giggled as he hopped up the stairs, Draco turning to Airakus with a
scoff as Airakus broke down laughing, bending over as he wheezed, Euan grinning to
himself, proud that his joke was so funny .
It was just after eight, so past dinner time, though nearly an hour until curfew , meaning there
would be nobody in the dorms.  
Airakus knew he could summon a house elf to bring him dinner on days where he was
recovering from the moons, which he appreciated and abused greatly , getting W inky to fetch
them hot coco at three in the morning virtually every night.
“Think anyones in the dorm?” Draco asked, Airakus shaking his head as he muttered the
password, Euan walking through the portaris hole as Draco cast an invisibility charm, him
and Airakus ducking through after the small boy without a word more.
“Merlin! Y our rooms so cool!” Euan exclaimed as he rushed around, the stack of books clung
to his chest as he glanced around the room at the posters and records splayed across the floor .Draco closed the door behind himself, removing the charm as he appeared, Euan gasping as
he saw the Slytherin.
“Hey! Y ou're not supposed to be in here!” The small boy echoed, turning to Airakus who was
smirking as he collapsed onto his bed with a sigh.
“Oh hes up here all the time, its alright Euan just…make sure none of my roommates catch
us alright!” Airakus winked at the first year who nodded firmly as he handed Airakus his
books, glancing out the door , up the stairs, down the stairs, and up again once more before
closing it with an accidental slam.
“All clear!” Euan replied, Airakus laughing as Draco rolled his eye,s stifling his smile as he
sat down beside Airakus with a sigh.
“Why were you and Seamus ar guing?” Airakus asked as he propped himself up, Draco's eyes
going wide as he looked away slightly , Euan shaking his head.
“They were less ar guing, more so conversing..they stopped once Harry caught them.” Euan
provided, Airakus's eyes going wide as Draco swallowed the lump in his throat, cursing the
young boy under his breath.
“He was worried about you, I was just telling him I'd go check on you after dinner and all, he
said he'd keep the boys out of the dorm for a while so I could get you back if Poppy let you
go….we always play it up when were talking so that nobody thinks its weird, but Harry
definitely overheard Seamus say thankyou and then he sort of flipped at me,” Draco sighed,
Airakus letting his hand find Draco’ s nap between his shoulder and his neck, the Gryf findor
rubbing it comfortingly as Draco shook his head apologetically , shaking Airakus of f.
He sat, his hands at his side, unsure what had just happened.  
Draco had never shaken him of f before.
But then he saw Euan looking at them eyes wide and he was reminded within that moment
what had happened.  
He nearly sighed from relief as Draco reassuringly entangled their pinkies behind their backs,
Euan unable to see it there.
“Maybe I should skip the meeting tomorrow? Its for the better , we don't want him figuring it
out…” Draco sighed, Airakus shaking his head.
“No no, I want you there. Don't be silly , Harry can stuf f it.” Airakus scof fed, Euan frowning
slightly .
“He was being rather mean to you,” Euan said to Draco, Draco ruf fling the small boys hair
with a smile.
“Oh don't worry about it Euan, Potter can call me a death eater all he wants, its my
superpower , making him angry!” Draco declared, Euan laughing as Draco changed the
subject, Airakus watching him laugh as he messed around with Euan, the boys bonding over
the silliest things, Airakus laughing on from his bed.Harry had called him a deatheater . 
Airakus wanted to murder him.  
And if his knees didn't feel like they were quite literally on fire, he may have just stormed
down to the library and avada kedavrad the boy who lived right then and there.  
But he controlled himself, not letting it bother him.
Because if Draco was fine then he was fine.
“MALFOY OUT THEY'RE COMING UP!” Seamus screeched nearly half an hour later as
he appeared in the doorway , Draco standing rather panicked as he cast cast a disillusionment
charm and disappeared out the door behind Seamus, Airakus not even getting the chance to
say goodbye.
Euan sat on the rug beside Airakus's bed, the boys witch weekly magazine in the first years
hands as Airakus passed him a square of chocolate, Seamus sighing as he sat down on his
own bed with a sigh.
Not even a minute later , Ron, Harry , Dean and Neville came pouring into the dormitory all
looking rather tired with one another .
“Airakus your back mate! How was the…..when did we get a kid?” Ron asked, looking down
at Euan confused, eyebrows furrowed as Seamus began laughing hysterically with Airakus,
Euan looking up at the ginger with wide friendly eyes.
“Im Euan!” He grinned, Ron snickering as he collapsed to his bed, not bothering to ask any
further questions.
Chapter End Notes
Airakus- I was protecting Harry , I will always protect Harry . 
Also Airakus- Im on my way to murder Harry .
I love this chapter , woops didnt post for a week, but im making good progress soooo, be
proud of me.  
I LOVE EUAN ABERCROMBIE HES MY LIL GUYGotcha!
Chapter Summary
Day of f, Draco Malfoy , Baby and an unfortunate secret found.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up early friday morning, having been told by each of his dorm mates to take
his potion around 9 pm that night after Euan had left for bed.  
The other guys were all still sleeping, and the thought to go for a morning fly before the sun
was even up was quickly diminished when Airakus peered out the dorm window to see steaks
of rain hitting the glass, the clouds darker than the early morning sky itself.
He decided to go try for a smoke in the common room, though quickly changed his mind
when he overheard Parvarti and Lavender ar guing, the boy turning on his heel in the stairwell
as he returned to the dormitory .
He had a bath, tracing his scars with the bar of soap as he hummed some song he couldn't
remember the name of.  
He scrunched his nose at his reflection, the gash across his shoulder still fresh as he re-
wrapped it with dark bandages.
He got dressed, his slytherin jumper , Draco's by the smell of it.  
He ate a bar of chocolate and read some more of the book he had taken out from the library
the week before, trying to ignore the sound of the rain.
He plugged Seamus’ s headphones into the record player and listened to the new cure album
Dean had brought home with him from Christmas.
The others started to wake up soon after the sun had attempted to rise, covered by the sleek
rain and dark sky .
Airakus talked to Harry for a while, trying to easily mention Malfoy but deciding against it
when the boy voiced his concerns about Umbridge's recent questioning of some members of
the DA.
The two talked about that in a hushed tone as they headed down to the common room,
Airakus and Seamus going upstairs and waking Hermione as the group headed down to
breakfast.
Airakus ate his breakfast waf fles, ignoring the conversation between Ginny and Hermione as
he tried not to laugh each time he and Draco caught each others eyes, something that hadbeen happening recently at each meal time. Neither one of the boys could stop themselves
from going red and ducking their heads, breaking out into fits of laughter; Airakus had been
getting rather creative with excuses as to why he thought whatever the other Gryf findors had
been talking about was so funny .
 
He spent the rest of the morning in the Library with Hermione and Dean, Seamus having
detention for not handing in any of his potions essays for nearly three weeks.
Airakus took a nap after lunch, laying on the sofa of the common room as Harry and Ron
played exploding snaps, Seamus asleep on the other end of the red comforter as the day
carried on.
By dinner Airakus realised he hadn't seen Draco other than at breakfast that day; wanting to
see the boy he had decided to take matters into his own hands.
He sat down at dinner , catching eyes with Malfoy in mere minutes, nodding at the door , and
excusing himself for the bathroom, saying he'd meet everyone else at the DA meeting if he
wasn't back before the end of dinner .
It was rather ridiculous that he'd take that long to go to the bathroom, but Airakus was easily
distracted and loved going on little adventures on his way back to class or meals, meaning
‘bathroom’ usually meant four dif ferent things in between trips there and back.
“Thought I wouldn't get a chance to see you today!” Airakus gasped for air , Draco's hands
tight in his hair as Airakus held the Slytherin against the wall of the empty classroom.
Their spot.
“Me neither , didn't know if I'd see you tonight….I mean, Umbridge asked us all down to her
office around 8, and that's when the meeting starts so…” Draco sighed, Airakus shaking his
head as he kissed the boy gently .
“Its ok baby , dont worry about it,” Airakus grinned, leaning in, but Draco had pulled away ,
his face lit up.
“Wot?” Airakus frowned, unsure of what he had done.
“You called me baby ,” Draco scof fed with a bit of a snide chuckle, his eyes warm as he
rubbed Airakus's cheek with his smooth thumb.
“Did I?” Airakus asked, leaning in again, Draco stifling his laughter as their lips connected,
neither boy eager to return to their friends at that point in the night.
 
The meeting that night was going great, Airakus still rushing from the adrenaline he had had
earlier , along with the side ef fects of the recent moon wearing of f. 
He was slightly tired, though he was eager to help Euan, who had decided to join the clubafter Seamus had let it slip to him, how to perform a patronus charm.  
He had twenty bucks it would be a butterfly , though Geor ge was convinced on otter .
 
The sound was barely audible, though it caught Airakus by surprise.
A small bang, seemingly a knock against the wall where the door would usually be.  
Airakus crossed the room towards Harry , scooping the marauders map from Colin who was
flipping through it panicked in search of the Slytherins and Umbridge who he so desperately
needed to find.
Airakus took the map and turned to the right page, his head snapping up as he reached
forwards, tugging Harry by the collar away form the door as the toad of a woman chanted the
spell.
“BOMBARDA!” She squeaked the wall exploding, Harry stumbling backwards into Airakus
who caught him.
There stood Umbridge, Filch, along with her emporial squad.
And there was Draco, Cho Chang at his side, his arm firmly around her wrist as the girl
looked at Harry and Airakus in terror .
“Gothcha!” Umbridge tutted, shaking her head as she grinned a wicked grin, Airakus's breath
caught in his throat slightly at the sight of the blonde boy .
Chapter End Notes
Woops haven't posted in almost twenty days, but thats fine! I had to make a new doc and
separate the story from where I had left of f given my tabs wouldnt load so ive been copy
pasting chapters for two days.  
I love this chapter , DRAIRAKUS!!!!!  
Also, oooops, Umrbidge has FOUND THEM. Im also very sorry if the timing of
Umbridge being headmistress and everything with Dumbledore's absence and stuf f is of f
in this fic, this year of their schooling irakus and Harry are very seperated and because
of alot of the things with the order im pretending that Airakus just doesnt care or notice
about these things given its general knowledge in the hp fandom what happens in year
5....HOPE ITS ALL GOOD!!!!Dumbledores got style.
Chapter Summary
Aftermath. Dumbledore is gone,
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Dumbledore's of fice was full of people.  
Percy was there, aside Cornelius Fudge, Kingsley , Mad Eye, and Umbridge the right bitch.
Airakus was seated along with Harry , hermione and Ron, the four being determined the
culprits by the extremely biased dart arts professor .
Airakus was pale with dread.  
Umbridge had been appointed high inquisitor , a rather nasty scene when she had tried to sack
Trewlany . 
Hagrid had left on leave two days prior , though Airakus had his suspicions his job wouldn't
be waiting for him when he arrived.
However . 
If she became headmaster .
God.  
She'd have to learn of his condition eventually . 
He'd be expelled from school surely . 
Sent back to W ales. 
God, sent to a facility to house him if she had anything to do with it.  
Airakus doubted the woman would have any empathy for a werewolf.
“Well, Mr .Rosier , Potter , I expect you two are aware why you and your friends are here?”
Fudge asked, eyeing the pair curiously , Airakus and Harry sharing a glance.
“No?” Harry began, Fudge shaking his head.
“Mot a clue actually .” Airakus added, Umbridge scof fing.
“You've broken many school rules…” Fudge began, Airakus rolling his eyes.
 
“School rules? W e've done no such thing?” Airakus replied aghast, Ron snickering earning a
glare from Hermione and Harry telling him to shut up.Airakus could get away with this behaviour most of the time. The others could not.
“I shall explain what's transpired now , given Mrs.Chang seems to find herself unable.”
Umbridge inputted as she stepped forwards, Fudge nodding with a sigh as Dumbledore raised
an eyebrow .
“Mrs.Chang reported to me after dinner this evening that I would be able to find these four ,
alongside many other students in the room of requirement running their iligell student
group…..this is of course, in direct relation to the illicit meeting at the hogs head that took
place before the Christmas break that young Mr .Potter , Weasley , Rosier and Mrs.Granger
arranged.” Umbridge rambled, Dumbledore shaking his head as Airakus scof fed, rolling his
eyes as he nudged Harry .
“I'm not sure that's true Professor ,” Dumbledore asked, each and every head turning to the old
man as he spoke.
“Pardon me?" Umbridge replied, taken aback.
“For point of fact, when these four met their fellow students, it was not illicit,” Dumbledore
scoffed as if the idea itself were silly .
“But two days later , educational act decree 24 was re…”
“I'm aware of that Professor , though you have no proof of another meeting after that.”
Dumbledore stated, Umbridge shaking her head.
“I found these very students meeting illicitly . They've all admitted to it!” Umbridge turned,
waving her hands at Airakus and Harry frantically , Airakus suppressing his laughter , Harry
looking as though he may pop.
“Its no matter what you found Dolores, you have zero proof.” Dumbledore repeated, the
woman shaking her head as she grabbed the parchment from Percy's hand, slamming it to the
desk.
“Ill have you know that that headmaster is NOT the case.” She said as if she had solved a
mystery .
It was all rather ridiculous, and Airakus felt the need to laugh once more.
“So you were behind this all Dumbledore?!” Fudge accused, Dumbledore putting his hands
up defensively .
"You've caught me!” He nodded, Harry's jaw dropping.
“Headmaster ,” Harry began.
“Can it Potter!” Airakus stamped on his foot, peering over Fudges grip on the paper to see
what it was.Then he recognized the paper . 
The sign up sheet that Harry had kept in the box with the few others things from the meeting,
the extra pins, the paper with the spells they had learned.
 
“Well. The proof is here. W e’ll take Dumbledore to Azkaban, seeing as he was the one who
instructed these students to form this club, they shall receive no punishment…” Fudge
sighed, Airakus turning to Harry with a nod, the boy shutting his mouth.
“I thought we may hit this little snag…” Dumbledore sighed, reaching for his tea which was
half empty , the steam having stopped rising minutes prior .
“What snag, what is he talking about?” Fudge asked as he turned to Umbridge who was
looking on in similar confusion.
“See, I have no intention of going to Azkaban…” Dumbledore smirked, and as if h had
summoned the bird, Fox came soaring by , the man taking the bird by the feet as both he and
the phoenix disappeared with a burst of flames.
Airakus’ s mouth was open wide with shock, Hermione scolding him under her breath as the
minister and Umbridge stood shocked.
“You've gotta admit it minister…Dumbledores got style.” Kingsley nodded, Moody
wheezing as he elbowed Kingsley ladishly . Fudge scof fing as he shook his hand about
angrily .
“Out! Out out out out! T o your dormitory all of you!” He declared, Airakus, Ron, Harry and
Hermione ducking out of the room.
‘Were fucked.’ Ron muttered.
“You could say that again mate,” Airakus scof fed, Harry facepalming as Hermione groaned.
Chapter End Notes
boring short chapter , ill try and have another one out today hopefully!!!!Headmistress
Chapter Summary
Shame and the day of the moon.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus, Harry and Ron burst into the dorm with bowed heads and shameful glances towards
the other three boys who awaited their return.  
There was nothing to say . Everyone knew what had happened, and by breakfast the next
morning, the whole school would hear of their new headmistress.
Airakus smoked cigarette after cigarette, Seamus beside him, Harry also leaning out the
window , even though he wasn't smoking. Nobody spoke until Ron whined about it being cold
and made them close the window , Airakus rolling into his bed and closing the curtains tightly .
He laid in his bed, staring at the ceiling that night.  
He could hear Harry fiddling around with the map in the bed beside him, and he knew
Seamus and Dean were up most likely fooling around.
But he couldn’ t sleep.  
He couldn’ t stop thinking about what had happened, the light joking demeanor he had
adapted whilst in Dumbledore's- the headmistresses of fice, now replaced with the pit in his
stomach taking over completely .
Why hadn’ t Draco warned him, or done anything to stop them?
Airakus knew it was a stupid question to ask himself, but still he sat wondering why; why
Cho had told them where to go, why Malfoy stood there with a sneered glance towards
Airakus like he would have in third year when they were angry children.
It made Airakus frustrated.  
Draco had really known all along what he was doing.  
The thought crossed Airakus’ s mind that Draco had been the one to rat them out.  
He shook his head as he rolled over with a groan.
It was too close to the full moon, which was on March fifth, the next bloody night, to be
thinking this way . 
So he tried to close his eyes and go to sleep, though the nearly full moon kept him awake,
taunting him seemingly over and over .
It was just a reminder that he wasn't normal, that nobody would ever love him.Maybe after they had shagged Malfoy had backed out, not wanting to be around Airakus
anymore?  
Maybe he just realised how Airakus was fucking crazy , and how big a mistake he was
making being with such a freak.
Airakus groaned once more, hitting himself repeatedly over the head with his pillow as he
tried to shut his brain of f. 
He had never wanted to be in W ales, in his room, with Davey , more than he did in that
moment.
‘Traitor ’ Airakus mumbled as he finally closed his eyes, rolling over in his bed, the
nightmares coming as they always did.  
-
Airakus spent the next day in bed.  
Harry and Ron had run to wake up Minnie, afraid that he was having another strange
breakdown, but instead the boy just rolled his eyes and reminded his roommates that the full
moon was that night and they all left in a hurry , leaving the boy to his well needed sleep.
He didn't sleep, instead he stayed up reading letters and going over the prior day in his stuf fy
head.  
Draco would never betray Airakus like that, rat him out, be on his fathers side for god's sake.
Yet seemingly , he had been in that moment, and it was taunting him.
Seamus came back upstairs during lunch, or Airakus assumed that he had, given the boy had
seen him curled up in the corner of his bed surrounded by books as he studied for their
defense against the dark arts quiz that he had been avoiding preparing for .
He had left after that, leaving Airakus to his books, which were just a front to get everyone to
leave him alone.
Airakus didn't study . 
Remus was vastly dif ferent from him in that sense.  
Harry came up after classes, seemingly to put some things away , but instead he stopped,
looking at Airakus with curious eyes before he cleared his throat, the werewolf snapping his
head up from his books to look at his brother annoyed.
“Wot?” Airakus replied, Harry pausing as he nodded towards Airakus’ s dresser drawer that
was half empty .
“Fancy a smoke? Before dinner , I’m assuming you're coming…..it’ s pasta night,” Harry said,
going slightly white as Airakus began laughing.
“You want a smoke? Merlin, what have I done to you?” Airakus teased as he stood on his
bed, ducking as to not hit his head on the roof of his four poster , hopping of f the side which
was a mess of blankets.
The two leaned out the window , Airakus’ s head outside, Harry still in the dorm, apprehensive
about being caught as they shared a cigarette.Airakus had never seen Harry smoke before.  
But then again, he didnt spend alot of time with Harry one on one anymore, far too busy with
Draco.
The name sent a snarl onto Airakus’ s face.  
Malfoy . 
He didn't even want to think about him right now , he thought he may vomit from
overwhelming anger and longing each time the blonde slytherin crossed his mind.
“What are we going to do about this whole, Umbridge thing?” Harry asked, breaking the
silence that had fallen.  
Airakus raised his shoulders in a tight shrug.
She was headmaster now . 
They had read it in the paper that morning, and Airakus had seemingly already known that
would be the case after Dumbledore was gone.
“Wait until she does something wretched, then kill her I suppose?” Airakus teased, Harry
sharing a look of laughter before nodding.
“I’m sure the twins will drive her out of here before she really does any harm…” Harry
added, Airakus nodding with a scof f of agreement as he puf fed the smoke out of the window ,
handing the cigarette to Harry who looked at it apprehensively .
“You don’ t have to mate,” Airakus began, Harry shaking his head as he plopped the end of
the cig into his mouth, breathing in far to much as he handed it back to Airakus, coughing as
if he may die as he bent over the windowsill, breathing in the clean air as much as he could,
to rid himself of the wretched thing he had just inhaled.
“HOW DO YOU AND SEAMUS DO THA T EVER YDA Y?” Harry exclaimed as he caught
his breath, Airakus too busy laughing to answer .
The dining hall was buzzing with gossiping students when Airakus arrived with Harry that
night.  
He cast a meek glance over to the Slytherin table and felt his chest drop when he saw Draco
looking back at him.
He sat in between Ginny and Harry , his back to Malfoy and the others as he laughed with
Seamus and Dean, eating his dinner like nothing was wrong.
Airakus was already stressed enough, so when the night became dark and the topic of the
new headmistress had flown over the group of fifth year Gryf findors Airakus excused himself
and headed to the hospital wing, taking the long way as to not run into anyone he didn't want
to see.
Madame Pomfrey gave him a wavering glance and a small smile when he walked inside,
leaving the boy who was sitting on one of the cots as she rushed over to her of fice clearly to
grab some potions.Airakus looked at the boy and smiled, it was Colin, Colin Creevley , he was nice, a year
younger than them.
“Hi Airakus,” Colin smiled meekly , Airakus nodding to the boy as he sat on the cot across the
hospital wing from his fellow student.
Madame Pomfrey returned and handed Colin a few bottles, sending the boy of f with a stern
glance.
“Why was he here?” Airakus asked, Poppy shaking her head with a sigh.
“Can’ t sleep; none of the students can. I think it has a lot to do with the news of our new
headmistress,” Poppy raised her eyebrows, Airakus nodding with a sigh as he stood,
following the woman out of the hospital wing, head bowed as he felt his skin begin to crawl,
the sun hiding beneath the treeline, the moon rising in its place.
Chapter End Notes
Short chapter , im waiting for a good one to post a little treat :3Learn to Apologize
Chapter Summary
Airakus being Moody , Draco being sad and Queen Madame Pomfrey .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The hospital wing was dark when he woke up.  
He remembered Poppy coming to get him, the boy passing out soon after from the blood.  
Then he remembered noise, people talking, but he was asleep again before he could register
them.
He knew it was early morning given Poppy was awake, scurrying about in her nightgown
cleaning up before she opened the windows to the spring air .
Airakus sat up slightly , when he felt a hand on his back helping him, a long cold hand, the
dull silver rings like ice against his scarred back.
Airakus turned to see Draco sitting there, a look of shame on his face as he removed his
hands from Airakus quickly , apprehensively placing them on the edge of the bots cot as he
looked up at Airakus.
“Why are you here?” Airakus asked, Draco raising his eyebrows slightly as he opened his
mouth to speak.
“Why didn’ t you stop her?” Airakus asked, Draco furrowing his brow before he realized what
Airakus was talking about, his face sinking into a sorrowed glance as he faced Airakus.
“Airakus there was nothing I could do….you know she’d tell my father ." Draco replied,
shaking his head as Airakus looked down at the pale boy , his heart yelling at him to for give
and for get, his head reminding him of the stubbornness that sat below in his tight chest.
“Go, go before someone sees you here.” Airakus rolled over , latin back down.
He heard Draco begin to reply , feeling the presence of the boys hand racing for him before
Malfoy quickly tugged it back, standing and rushing out of the hospital wing without a word,
Madame Pomfrey casting Airakus a wavering glance, causing the boy to groan and roll back
over.
 Seamus and Dean came later that day , bringing food and hugs, though Airakus wasn't hungry . 
He wasn't sure why he was so angry , but he knew one thing.  
He had let his guard slip when he had seen Draco that morning.  
Harry would have figured it out from the boy coming to DA meetings alone, he didn't need to
find Malfoy in the hospital wing with Airakus.
“Rosier , you can leave now , you only have a few deep scratches, nothing bad this time!”
Poppy smiled impatiently at Airakus as the boy tugged his jumper on, giving Poppy a strange
nod.
She was never one to kick him out of the hospital wing, and he was never one to want to stay . 
But today , he wanted to stay in the safety of these walls forever , eating meals alone, reading
alone.  
It was better than avoiding his favorite person, and lying to everyone else about why he was
upset.
“Kicking me out Poppy?” Airakus teased, the woman standing in her apron and dress gave
him a stern glance.
“The way you treated that boy this morning was unfair . You know there was nothing he could
do to fix what happened.” Poppy scolded Airakus who was looking up at her with a sullen
look of understandment.
“But ... .what if he was the one who…..” He began, “What if Malfoy told her?”
Poppy let out a laugh as she rolled her eyes, Airakus pausing.  
He knew it was an idiotic thought.
“Airakus, for whatever reason that I'm yet to understand, Draco respects you more than the
rest of us combined. If he told Umbridge, which I can assure you he didn’ t, then he had a
bloody good reason for it. Now go to dinner and don't be a twit ... .you're reminding me of
your father , stubborn and afraid of the truth.” Poppy scof fed, Airakus watching as the medi
witch crossed the hospital wing, grabbing a few potions and returning to Airakus with the
bottles in her hands.
“Don’ t shy away from him just because you're afraid of your feelings. Y ou only get one
person.” Poppy nodded as she kissed Airakus on the forehead in the most motherly gesture
Airakus had ever received, the boy holding his sleeping potions in his lap as he watched
Poppy return to her of fice silently .
He was angry with Draco for no reason, he knew that.  
But then again, Airakus was angry with everyone these days.
It stung as Airakus rushed to the dinner , looking around and seeing Draco sitting, hunched
over the table gloomily as Pansy rambled to him.
He had hurt him, all because he was afraid.  
He was such an idiot sometimes.  
It was more likely Cho’ s fault than Malfoys, which was hard for anyone other than Airakus tobelieve.  
But he knew deep down that Draco hadn't done anything wrong.
Now he had to learn how to apologize.
He sat down with Seamus and sighed, greeting his friends as they greeted him, eyes wide as
he stared across the great hall longingly , ignoring Umbridge as she stood where Dumbledore
had once stood, giving a speech of her new rules, Airakus watching as Draco caught his
glance.
He didn’ t say anything, he didn’ t look away , he just sat there, consumed in a cold rain as his
heart ached.  
He was an idiot.
Chapter End Notes
Another short chapter , hopefully Ill post another one tonight...no promises....  
HOPEFULL Y THE TREA T SOON!!!!Grawp
Chapter Summary
Resolutions, Umbridge's rule and Hagrids return....Grawp.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Any student found in possession of a spell-check charmed quill will be severely punished;
Any student found in possession of sweets from unauthorised suppliers will be expelled;
Hogwarts School will be subject to informal scrutiny by an appointed Ministry member; No
music is to be played during study hours; Broomsticks may not be flown on school grounds
unless during authorised Quidditch practice; Boys and girls are not permitted to be within 6
inches of each other” Harry read of f, Airakus watching as his face lit up.
“This is a kicker , Fred! Geor ge! All W easley products will be banned immediately!” Airakus
burst out laughing as Geor ge rolled his eyes, Fred bubbling up with rage as he turned to his
brother with furrowed eyebrows.
“Ah, Any student found in possession of the magazine The Quibbler will be expelled.” Ron
read over Harry’ s shoulder , Neville and Airakus sharing a glance towards Luna who was
eating at the Ravenclaw table alone as per usual.
That wasn't good.
“All students will submit to questioning about suspected illicit activities…” Hermione added,
shaking her head.  
“As if we didn't already know that one.” Dean added from across the table, everyone sharing
a glance.
As Dumbledore was gone now , Umbridge's rules were getting out of hand, the women
causing destruction around the school. Before she had even become headmistress she had
removed Professor T relawney from her post, nearly fired Flitwick because of his height for
merlins ska,e
Now she was pulling students one by one into her of fice and demanding they tell her
everything about the DA.  
The woman had gone mad with power .
Airakus was listening to Harry read the list that each student had been given along with the
framed plaques hung outside the great hall, a constant reminder of the woman's new rule over
the school.Though Airakus wasn't paying attention, the boy was watching Malfoy .
It had been nearly a week since the moon, March, already halfway done. Airakus had tried,
he had tried to find Malfoy and talk, but trips to Hogsmeade were prohibited, and leaving
your dorm after curfew was practically a death sentence now . 
They weren't allowed to speak in DADA class, and Snape was rather harsh with them all in
potions, making them work alone for the past few days.
Meanwhile, their supply prof fesor for care of magical creatures had stopped showing up, so
the class had been cancelled for the past three days.
Harry kept rambling on, listing of f more pointless rules as Airakus watched Draco stand,
leaving the great hall alone.
He stood, the bench screeching against the floor , Seamus casting him a furrowed glance as
the others paused looking up at Airakus.
“Gotta use the loo, be back,” Airakus said, rushing of f as if he would die if he stayed in the
hall a moment later .
He ignored the hollers of his friends, and then the hollers from someone to slow down as he
bolted through the corridors searching for Draco.
He found him in the bathroom.  
That same bathroom where they had ar gued before, where they had been together before.  
It was another one of those spots that Airakus could not be in without thinking of the boy .
Draco turned around, looking rather pained as he gave Airakus a glance of unmistakable fear .
Airakus just paused, not blocking the door , just standing in front of Draco with wide eyes.
“You avoiding me Blondie?” Airakus chuckled out, grasping at straws, trying his best not to
face the seriousness of whatever had happened between them.
Draco just looked at Airakus, his eyes watering as he stood still, back straight, nose high in
the air .
“Are you avoiding me?” Draco replied, Airakus sighing as he stepped forwards, Draco
stepping back.
Airakus scof fed, shaking his head as he tried to dismiss the anger that bubbled up inside him
at the other boy's actions.  
What had he done?  
He had ruined the only good thing left.
“You didn't tell her , did you?” Airakus asked, Draco pausing as he scof fed.
“Why the fuck would I? W as that seriously why you were angry with me?!” Draco replied,
letting out a breath, a sigh of something that resembled relief.“I wasn't an…well yea I guess it was…” Airakus chuckled, Draco shaking his head as he
stood stif fly, Airakus pausing slightly before he darted forwards, his arms wrapping around
the Slytherin tightly , Draco stif fly hugging AIrakus back before sighing into the boy .
They stood there silently for a while, Airakus aware that their fights were short and pointless,
seemingly just a dent in an overwall smoothly paved road.
“Mother wrote…” Draco muttered into Airakus’ s neck, the boy holding back the need to
interrogate the freshly calm Slytherin about what she had said.
“About?” Airakus replied, Draco sighing as he began swaying, still clinging to Airakus as if
he were the last breath of oxygen on earth.
“Told me to let you know that Remus and Sirius couldn't write you, because the ministry's
got an eye on all letters coming in and out of the castle….and that they loved you…and that
my father wrote her , nothing important, told me to be safe, to keep my head down, the
usual…” Draco sighed, Airakus holding the boy by his bony shoulders as he looked into
Draco’ s deep sullen blue eyes.
“Did she say anything about it?” Airakus asked.
The prophecy . 
Remus had written months ago saying that Narcissa had told Draco about it, that they would
get updates, and that they should keep an eye on Harry's nightmares and his occlumency
lessons.
And that was that, not another mention had been made about the prophecy since…..until
Harry’ s nightmare about Mr .Weasley had happened  
“No, no she didn't mention it.” Draco replied with a small shake of his head, detaching
himself from Airakus who stood, cold from the loss of the boy’ s presence in his arms.
 
Airakus walked to class that day , Draco and him sending one another glances as they strolled
down either side of the corridor , both boys content with the lack of anger between them as of
that morning.
Airakus sat down in Potions beside Malfoy , Snape giving him a concerned glance before he
walked over to the table, the man's head low as if he were ashamed to speak to Airakus in
public. The feeling was mutual.
“Mr.Rosier , I may find that Professor Hagrid has returned, he may need you to help catch him
up on the lessons from the weeks prior…” Snape seethed down Draco eavesdropping as his
eyebrows furrowed, Airakus turning to see that Harry , Ron and Hermione were all missing
from class.
He had never run that fast as he rushed across the grounds, ignoring Professor Sprout yelling
for him to get back to class as he tripped over himself, tumbling a bit before he stood up
straight peering over the hill towards Hagrids with a grimace.There Harry , Hermione and Ron were, hidden around the side of the house, just as they had
in third year , only they were hiding from someone.
Airakus rushed down the grass covered hillside, rushing over to Harry's side as the boy
ushered him over , placing a finger over his lips, telling Airakus to stop talking as the boy
asked them what was going on.
“If I were you, I wouldn't even bother unpacking! Hm,” Umbridge squeaked as she stepped
down the few stone slabs that led to Hagrids front door , the half giant looking at the woman
with a sorrow look as she tutted, turning and walking away , a sneer on her face as she missed
the four students out of class.
The tea was growing cold as Hagrid sat, fiddling with the bread and butter , the four kids in
front of him all sharing wavering glances.
He had a gash across his arm, a bandage over his hairy skin.  
He seemed on edge, clearly given the bitch had just threatened his job, and well, his home.
“What happened to your arm, Hagrid?” Hermione asked, the man stif fening up as he looked
back at the students.
“Was it because of the giants?” Harry asked, the room falling silent as Airakus gave the boy a
glance.  
They weren't supposed to know about that, they had overheard Dumbledore and Hagrid
discussing it the year prior , after Cedric had ... .W ell, Hagrid seemed put of f by the mention.
“Can’ answer that I'm afraid, top secret, that is, business of the order .” Har gid said, casting
Airakus a glance, one that he tried to do discreetly , though they all saw .
“We all know you were looking for giants Hagrid, you can tell us…'' Airakus said, Hagrid
nodding with a sigh.
“Tried talking them into joining us, death eaters had been there, trying to get them to join
him…” Hagrid shuddered at the mention of V oldemort, Airakus pausing.
The war and V oldemort had been at the back of Airakus’ s mind since valentines day . 
He hadn't heard from Remus really , and as of that morning he knew why . Because the
ministry was covering it up, and his own family writing him was too dangerous.
He felt stupid for being mad with Draco over their little club being discovered when things
this horrible were happening in the outside world.  
Hogwarts had felt like a little heaven on earth…that was until Umbridge began her reign of
terror .
“Come with me now , I’ve got erm….” Hagrid paused, turning to Airakus whose eyebrows
were furrowed.
“Something to show yer ’” Hagrid added as he stood with a huf f, Harry , Ron and Hermione
all turning to Airakus who shrugged, the four following the gruf fy man as he led them intothe forbidden forest, Ron squealing each time they turned a corner in the thick woods.
“Hagrid, we do have to get back to the castle for dinner , and I'm sure we all have detention,
only Airakus was excused from Potions afterall…” Hermione began, Harry sharing a glance
with Ron that was ridden with secrest.
“Just a bit further now , don't worry I’ll have a talk with Professor Snape.” Hagrid scof fed,
Airakus hearing sarcasm in the man’ s voice for the first time in his life as they continued on
deeper into the woods.
“Hagrid...what is that.” Ron stammered backwards as the young giant snif fed around himself,
smiling goofily down at the kids with a huf f as Hagrid chuckled, Airakus looking up at the
creature with a tilt of his head, the other three kids screaming slightly at the sight.
“Found him when I was out on my mission” Hagrid began, the giant taking a step closer to
the kids, Hermione and Harry taking two steps back, Airakus letting out a laugh.
“I couldn't just leave him….because, well because he’ s my brother!” Hagrid let out, the giant
turning as he tried to catch a bird above his head.
“Grawp, this is Arry , Ermione, Ron and Airakus. Everyone, this is my brother , or well, half
brother , Grawp.” Hagrid introduced them, Airakus standing with a grin on his face as Grawp
stamped forwards.
Grawp stopped in his tracks when his eyes caught Hermione, the giant bending down and
picking her up as Ron went paler than he ever had been before, Harry sharing a humorous
glance of slight concern with Airakus as Hagrid began frantically ar guing with the childlike
giant.
“Grawp! Put her down!” Hagrid demanded, the giant ignoring the small man as he looked at
Hermione with intrigue.
“GRA WP! PUT ME DOWN! NOW!” Hermione demanded, the giant looking rather hurt,
gently placed Hermione down beside Airakus, the kids all sharing a rather odd look of
confusion, none of them sure what to do with this information.
“Well, we’ll treat him well Hagrid, we promise!” Airakus said as he planted a firm hand on
Hagrid's shoulder , the man looking at the boy with a smile, the kids standing and staring at
Grawp as he plucked a bird from the tree, playing with the poor animal torturously as Hagrid
shook his head.  
Grawp.
Maybe he would be helpful in the long run.
Chapter End NotesI don't like solving conflicts so simply , but this ar gument was written in WEEKS before
I revisited this chapter and I for got what past me wanted to do with it, so here we are
happy happy happy . 
Also, Appreciate your treats in the next chapter :))))))))READERS TREAT (shuffles/fanart)
Chapter Summary
TREA TS
Draiiiirakus  Little edited fanart,
Drairakus  
SOM
Been too busy making shuf fles to post <33333
ENJOY THE TREA T READERS <333333333333Bloody Potter
Chapter Summary
Quidditch Captain, Blaise Zanbini, and a near death experience for Harry James Potter .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Hagrid was gone days later , not even bothering to teach a single class.
Umbridge was still on her rampage, and as the month came to an alarmingly fast Close,
Draco was the only thing keeping Airakus from running of f to Hogsmeade and flooing to the
order to hide out with Sirius.
The two, if not during their free fifth period where Creatures normally would have been,
would go to the empty charms classroom around the end of lunch, talking and doing each
other's potions homework.
Nobody bothered following Airakus around, especially around the talk of exams began, so he
and Draco had more time to stalk of f and not worry about someone following them.
Easter came rather quickly , but Airakus was blown of f when Moody wrote saying that he,
Draco and Seamus couldn't come back for the holiday , apparently Remus was on a mission.
The April full moon was alarmingly bad, Airakus waking up in the hospital wing afterwards
with the feeling of pins and needles all across his body .
Draco didn't come to see him during the day , only afterwards, sometimes with Pansy and
Theo, once with Zanbini who didn't bother asking what had happened to Airakus, merely
noting that the boy looked rather roughed up.
Dolores continued her mission to destroy the morale of the Hogwarts student body , Airakus
continued to help Fred and Geor ge keep their business afloat, mostly just standing watch as
they nicked things from storage cupboards in the dungeons.
At the same time, Airakus was helping keep Adrian a secret for Geor ge. The two were in and
out of the dorms without being seen hundreds of times that month thanks to Airakus, Fred
none the wiser , still suspicious of Angelina and Geor ge of all people.
 
It was the end of April, and Airakus was at quidditch practice, the slight rain feeling like ice
against his skin as he whipped through the sky , eyes sharp searching for the bludgers.  They had been playing scrimmage for an hour or so when Airakus was caught of f guard by
Angelina's whistle.
“Huddle up!” Angelina blew her whistle, the Gryf findor Quidditch team flying down to meet
her at the centre of the pitch, practice having just ended.
“Now I know that we were all rather upset recently , that these new rules and our new…
headmaster , have been dulling things. But we have to keep up morale! Our match with
Ravenclaw is tomorrow , and then with either huf flepuf f or slytherin the weekend after that.
We could win the cup my last year! I will never for give any of you if we lose!” Angie
chuckled, a few other seventh years laughing, Harry and Airakus sharing an odd glance.
She was choosing next year's Quidditch captain that day , she had told them at the start of
practice.  
Katie Bell was only a sixth year , she may get it, though everyone sort of knew who Angelina
would pick, the choice was obvious.
“Congrats Harry!” One by one the team clasped Harry on the back as they celebrated the
announcement, Airakus standing to the boys side with a smile.
This was what he needed.  
Good news.
He had apparently had a bad time with Snape the past few weeks, and his next lesson was
that night after dinner . He needed something happy to think about, to keep V oldemort out, to
keep Snivallous out.
Airakus smiled at Harry as the two walked to dinner that night, a grin on Harry’ s face as he
brandished his new captain badge he had on his robes to everyone they passed, the Slytherins
snarling at him, the other students overjoyed.
They weren't allowed to use their brooms outside of practice, the stupid rule being one of
Umbridge’ s new ideals, though still, Harry seemed over the moon.
“Rosier! Who did she pick?” Blaise called down the corridor , Harry and Airakus, who were
deep in discussion of quidditch, both stopped and turned as the Slytherin boy ran up to them,
stopping so that the three were in a strange triangle.
Airakus grinned and nodded to Harry .
“Captain Potter” Airakus saluted teasingly , Harry just giving him a small nod as he turned
and continued walking, Airakus shrugging as Blaise joined the two, standing to Airakus’ s
other side as they walked to dinner , Airakus still talking about practice and the cup, Blaise
joining him, while Harry had grown silent.
“You coming for the party after we win tomorrow?” Airakus asked as he held the door to the
great hall open for Blaise and Harry , Blaise rolling his eyes.
“If!” He corrected with a shake of his head.“It’s Ravenclaw . We're winning.” Airakus replied cockily as he nodded goodbye to Zanbini,
rushing over to Harry who was stalking over to the table.
“You alright?” Airakus asked, Harry just nodding as he sat in between Ron and Ginny ,
Airakus across from them in between Hermione and Seamus.
“Who got it?” Ron asked, the entire group going quiet as they turned to Harry who just
nodded.
“Me, yea I got it!” He said so blandly you'd think he just won detention until the end of the
school year .
“Alright Harry what's the matter?” Airakus asked again, Harry shaking his head.
“Nothing mate shove of f.” Harry replied with a scof f, the group going even more quiet as
everyone turned to the pair who were glaring at each other .
“I'm just asking, merlin” Airakus replied with a scof f.
“How about you go bloody ask your other friends.” Harry snapped back, Seamus and
Hermione growing pale as Airakus paused.
“W..what?” Airakus asked, Harry shaking his head.
“When has it ever been normal for us to walk to dinner with Zanbini? Are you kidding me
Rosier?” Harry scof fed, Airakus sighing deeply as Seamus released the tight grip he had on
his fork, Hermione relieved as well, cast a wavering glance over to the Slytherin table, before
realising that the entire great hall was silent and looking at them.
Apparently they had been yelling.
“There's nothing wrong with Zanbini, we play against him all the time. He's in four of my
classes!” Airakus scof fed in response, Harry shaking his head.
“Ever since that quidditch match when you went all hero on us you've been with him all the
time.” Harry scof fed back, Airakus looking at him bewildered.
He had been fine an hour ago, not even.  
This was why he couldn't know about Draco.
“When I went...are you fucking serious?” Airakus asked, eyebrows high on his forehead as
Harry scof fed his ears going pink from the amount of attention he knew was on him.
“Blaise could have fucking died and you dont care because of your bullshit house rivalry
Potter .” Airakus snapped back, Harry pausing..
“Because of my house rivalry Rosier?” Harry scof fed back, Airakus's eyebrows raising.
“Atleast Im not a fucking…” Harry began, Airakus lunging from him across the table, the
entire hall gasping as Seamus grabbed for Airakus, tugging at his robes as echoes fromsurrounding students and teachers filled both the boys' ears.
“Get of f him!” Ginny was crying, Seamus pulling him back as Harry sat on the ground, his
legs still on the bench, pale from the shock.
He hadn't hit him.  
Airakus would never hit him unless he deserved it.  
But he was grateful for Seamus holding him there or he might have killed Harry in that
moment.
“MR.ROSIER! MR.FINNIGAN! MY OFFICE NOW!” Umbridge's shrill voice screamed
over the hall, Airakus standing as he ran a hand through his hair , shaking Seamus of f of him
as the two glared at Harry , walking out of the hall behind Umbridge, Airkaus’ s gut feeling as
though he had been punched a million times.
He needed to control his temper . 
The moon was in two days.
Umbridge didn't speak, she just dragged Airakus and Seamus to Snape’ s office, leaving the
two in there to ‘wait for Severus’ as she had put it.
She returned fifteen minutes later with Snape behind her , telling him to discipline them how
he saw fit.
Airakus had never been grateful to Snape before in hs life, but as Snape watching Umbridge
turn the corner of the dungeon, and then nodded to Airakus and Seamus, telling the boys to
hurry back to the dorm, Airakus thought Remus may have had his reasons for feeling sorry
for Snape.
When the boys got back to the dorm it was empty , nobody wanted to deal with the riled up
roommates.  
Harry was most likely going down for his occlumency right now , which made Airakus feel
overwhelming guilt.  
He had been happy . 
Now he would just be mad, most likely take it out on Snape.
“Ugh” Airakus groaned as he dug through his dresser drawer , grabbing his lighter as he
climbed out the window , Seamus following him apprehensively as the boy sat beside his best
mate.
“You walked to dinner with Harry and Blaise?” Seamus asked, Airakus scof fing with a nod
as he lit his cigarette, of fering one to Seamus who took it gratefully .
“He was just wondering who got quidditch captain, Harry didn't need to be such a wanker
about it.” Airakus replied with a scof f, Seamus nodding slightly .
The two sat and smoked two cigarettes each before Seamus spoke again.“Do you think he was going to say it?” Semaus asked.  
He didn't need to say what he was thinking, Airakus already knew what the boy meant.
“He wouldn't. But it sure as hell felt like he might, that's why I jumped at him,” Airakus
sighed, the guilt of it all flooding him as Seamus nodded slightly , tutting as he took a drag of
his cig.
“Think he'll get in trouble?” Seamus asked, Airakus shaking his head.
“Even when Dumbledore's not here, he's still Harry bloody Potter!” Seamus teased, Airakus
agreeing with a chuckle as the two calmed down, but all Airakus could think of was how mad
Harry was going to be with him, and how Draco would want to talk about it tomorrow
God he was angry .
Chapter End Notes
I don't like making Harry seem to be the bad guy but he was in his EMO faze in fifth
year. He's still gonna trash Dumbledore's of fice eventually if I don't for get, like bro is
angry . He has the RIGHT to be angry . 
Alsooooooo woops didn't post for nine days....  
Hope you all enjoyed the stuf f in the last chapter :pOscar Wilde and meaningful promises.
Chapter Summary
Day after , birthday talk and chats with Draco
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning the great hall was silent during breakfast, everyone still nasty from the
fight, nobody at Gryf findor table dare speak given Harry was furiously eating, Airakus too
busy watching for Draco to care about any of it.
He came in late, his hair slicked back as he used to wear it before he disappeared into the sea
of students, re-appearing as he sat in between Pansy and Blaise, Theo across the bench with
Adrian who had begun eating with them these past few weeks.
Draco caught his eye, and mouthed the words ‘fifth”, Airakus nodding, Draco smiling
slightly before he looked down at his plate, clearly hungry .
“Walk to the Library with me before class Aira?” Hermione asked, Harry casting her an
annoyed glance as Airakus nodded, standing and grabbing his things as he followed the girl
out of the great hall, ignoring the whispers as they passed the other students eating.
“He wasn't going to say it.” Hermione said the minute the doors were closed, Airakus
pausing.  
It wasn't fair to assume Harry would do that, but it also wasn't fair to assume he was perfect.
“You don't know that..” Airakus replied quietly , Hermione scof fing as they walked in silence
to the library .
“I wasn't really going to ask you…but do you think I could stay with you for most of July?
Ron cant have anyone until right before Harry's birthday and…..” Hermione stopped herself,
Airakus nodding.
“Im sure nobody would mind…I mean, you might have to put up with Malfoy…” Airakus
paused, Hermione nodding slowly .
“Is Seamus not going?” She asked after a moment of silence, the girl absorbing the casual
addition of Draco staying at Airakus’ s house to her list of strange things.
“He lives with me Mione, I didn't think I had to add him to the list of people staying
anymore,” Airakus teased, Hermione nodding with a slight laugh.“I mean, he might spend a few weeks at Deans, but we’re not sure…it depends on how the
months play out…with everything you know?” He added, the girl nodding as she left him to
go sign out her books, Airakus scanning the shelves as he looked for something good to read
in class.
Nothing.  
He’d have to reread Oscar W ilde again.
 
Class was boring, Airakus spending most of them reading old muggle novels, casting a
disillusionment charm on the book that only worked for third parties so that Umbridge
couldn't see him reading in DADA.
Airakus spent lunch skipping rocks at the black lake with Seamus, the two deep in
conversation over Airakus’ s birthday . 
It was on May 13th, only a week or so away , though both boys were rather excited over it,
Airakus most of all, excited to turn sixteen.
Remus said he would teach him to drive that summer , Airakus couldn't wait!
“Enjoying your book Malfoy?” Airakus teased as he sat down beside Draco in potions, his
hair standing up on his arms each time the boy's hands brushed as they made their potion in
silence.
After class, Airakus bid farewell to his friends and found Draco sitting in the empty charms
classroom, papers littered all around him as he clearly finished his transfiguration essay .
“Am I interrupting you Blondie?” Airakus teased, Draco rolling his eyes as he shook his
head.
“I'm looking for that thing I wrote you, shit.” Draco shook his head as he stacked a few
papers, still digging through the mess he had made.
“What for…?” Airakus asked, Draco looking up at him.
“For your drivers test…you told me you were taking it the minutes O.W .L.S were over , so I
wrote you that sheet of spells to cast on your car so that you don't die,” Draco muttered back
with a furrowed brow as he continued to search, Airakus looking down at the boy who was
sitting on the floor , a warm smile on his face.
“I can't wait to drive around with you and Seamus, it's going to be so fun. W e won't have to
walk to Davids!” Airakus rambled as Draco ignored him, still looking for the paper , which he
found and thrusted towards Airakus who took it, fodling it and placing it in his pocket with
‘thanks’.
“You alright?” Airakus asked as Draco cleaned up the papers, standing as he shoved them
back in his rather unor ganised bag, which was the furthest thing from Malfoy known to
mankind.“You don't have to risk things for my friends Airakus. Potter nearly told the entire great hall
last night just because you were talking to Zanbini.” Draco scof fed as he avoided facing
Airakus, still shoving papers in his backpack.
Airakus waved his wand, the papers folding themselves and putting themselves back in order ,
Draco sighing as his shoulders sagged, the boy turning around with closed eyes as he still
avoided looking at Airakus.
“I didn't do that for you.” Airakus said, Draco's eyebrows furrowing as he opened his eyes.
“I would've done it either way , even if I hated Zanbini I would've dove. And the fact that you
think I care more about Harry than you makes me laugh.” Airakus scof fed, Draco looking at
him with wide eyes.
It felt almost wrong to say , as if he was going to get yelled at for admitting, but it was true.  
He would never pick between the two, Harry was like his family , but Draco was….Draco was
his everything.
“Has he apologised to you yet?” Draco asked, Airakus shaking his head as he sat down on the
desk beside the blonde boy who was still standing stif fly.
“I really should be the one apologising, I did nearly knock him in front of the entire school,”
Airakus chuckled, Draco shaking his head as he stepped in front of Airakus, looking the boy
in the eyes as he sighed.
“Can you promise me something?” Draco asked, causing Airakus to pause, looking at his boy
with a furrowed brow .
“Of course? What's wrong?” Airakus replied, Draco shaking his head as his hand landed in
Airakus’ s outstretched ones, the blonde boy now standing in between Airakus’ s legs as the
Gryffindor waited for the other boy to speak his mind.
“Can you swear to me, that no matter what happens, we will always stay like this. That we
will prioritise each other no matter what happens?” Draco asked, Airakus faltering slightly .
He wasn’ t sure what was going on, but Draco was sounding alarmingly like David did when
the boy had his bad days and started thinking drastic things.
“What's going on? What happened?” Airakus asked again, Draco shaking his head dismissing
the question as he continued to hold Airkaus’ s hands rather tightly .
“I just...I can't lose you now . I never want you to leave, even though that's selfish…” Draco
added, Airakus looking at the boy slightly confused as he nodded
“Of course, of course!” Airakus replied, Draco sighing clearly relieved as he leaned in,
hugging Airakus tightly as the Gyrf findor ran his hands through the other boy's hair , staring
out the window as his mind filled with possibilities he didn't want to imagine.Chapter End Notes
"Just promise we will always prioritize our friendship" -T ao Xu (my favorite quote from
my favourite heartstopper character)  
I like this chapter , but be prepared for what happens near the end of this year ....Sixteen?
Chapter Summary
Airakus's birthday , an ilicent trip to Hogsmeade, jealous Draco and Seamus bloody
Finigan
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus’ s birthday was the most overwhelming thing he’d ever experienced in his entire life.
He was awoken alarmingly early , especially since the new moon had been a mere week or so
before.  
Seamus and everyone sang him happy birthday at breakfast, lunch, and dinner , just like
Remus recited James, Sirius and Peter having done for him.  
Umbridge was outraged but she didn't dare interrupt given Airakus was seemingly over the
moon, the boy not being one to react calmly to his fun being ripped away .
As the day carried on, Airakus was aware that Harry was trying his best not to be alone with
the other boy’ but Airakus didn't mind, given he was being showered with high fives and
celebratory cheers each time he rounded a corner .
Classes poured by in a blur , Airakus seemed to float to Potions as Seamus and the twins
berate him with songs and cheers of celebration.
Then he saw him, his hair glistening in the dim candlelight, his skin pale, his rings thick and
shiny against his pale hands on his potions textbook.
Airakus sighed, his shoulders sagging as Seamus nudged him with his shoulder .
"Don't flake on the party tonight mate, go of f with snowflake after dinner or something,”
Seamus nodded to Airakus, the taller boy scof fing at the insuf ferable nickname Seamus had
adopted for his boyfriend.
“Yea yea, I won't; don't worry mate!” Airakus nodded as he shook Seamus of f, crossing the
small dungeon room and sitting on the wooden stool beside the other boy .
“So, it’ s your birthday then?” Draco asked snarkily , Airakus resting his head on his right arm
as he looked at the boy dreamily , nodding as he fiddled with his muggle pencil which he
dragged along from class to class, hiding it from strict professors.
“Wonder if you'd like to go somewhere with Blaise, Theo, Pansy and I after dinner? Before
your oh so advertised birthday extravaganza?” Draco cocked an eyebrow , his tone teasing asAirakus smirked.
“Sure, but we have to be quick, I can't be late; Geor ge will murder me!” Airakus chuckled
under his breath as he opened his own textbook, Draco rolling his eyes.  
“On your birthday? He wouldn't dare!” Draco teased in response, Airakus smirking as he
tapped their shoes together , Draco’ s polished black ones against Airakus’ s ruffed up sneakers.
Perfect.
Airakus sat in the library with Ron and Hermione during fifth period, the pair avoiding
Professor Bins so that they could spend time together .
Airakus would've appreciated it if Harry had arrived, but he never did, then at dinner , the boy
had merely sat in silence after muttering that he didn't feel like skipping class.
Airakus would usually be worried if Harry had been angry with him for this long, it had
nearly been a week since the incident with Blaise.
But today , Airakus couldn't care less.  
This was the first birthday he had properly celebrated since…well since he had turned ten.
He knew he had packages awaiting him in his dorm, Dean had told him Remus had sent
something, along with something from America which threw Airakus for a spin.
“Fancy a walk, we can go open your presents before we get too pissed at the party and
forget?” Seamus chuckled as he bumped shoulders with Airakus, Airakus merely nodding
towards the Slytherins who were leaving the great hall, all awkwardly seeing glances to the
Gryffindor table.
“Ah, after then?” Seamus replied, Airakus nodding as he wolfed down the rest of his dinner ,
excusing himself to go ‘to the bathroom’ as he tended to put it, before taking of f, ignoring the
shouts of ‘happy birthday’ from each person he passed.
 
“Hogsmeade?” Pansy grinned as they stood in front of the one eyed witch passage way . 
“But we aren't allowed to leave the school grounds….” Theo began, Balise scof fing.
“Stuf f it Knott, I've been craving chocolate for weeks! I can bloody smell it from here!”
Airakus exclaimed, Draco laughing as the others rolled their eyes, unaware that the
Gryffindor was dead serious about the scent flooding his nose.
 
“How did you even find this tunnel Draco?” Pansy asked in awe as the girl followed Draco
and Airakus down the passageway , memories of third and fourth year flooding back to
Araikus who hadn't used this passageway since early October of that year .
“Rosier…care to explain?” Draco replied in a chuckle, Pansy and Theo sharing an odd glance
as Blaise turned to AIrkause expectantly .“Well get on with it mate, can't wait all night!” Blaise scof fed, Airakus rolling his eyes with a
cheeky smirk as he opened his mouth.
“Father dearest told me about it actually ,” Airakus chuckled, Blaise turning to Pansy with
furrowed eyebrows.
“I thought your dad was dead?” Blaise asked so blatantly it was humorous, Airakus bursting
into laughter as Draco stamped on Blaise’ s foot, the Slytherin boys following as Pansy
ushered the laughing Airakus into the tunnel, afraid that a prefect would hear the laughing
and catch them trying to sneak out.
The tunnel seemed smaller than it had the last time Airakus had used it, though ye had also
grown quite a lot, and he had been alone instead of with four other rather tall Slytherins (not
including Pansy who was one of the shortest in their year).
“Are you sure this is safe? Like, we won't get caught and all that?” Theo continued to ask for
the millionth time as Airakus and Draco followed the other three, the two boys walking
inconspicuously close together as Blaise drawled o about how annoying it was that some girl
in Ravenclaw had this crush on him.
“I swear she's been all over me since I fell at that match, shouldn't you be the one all the girls
swoon over? Y ou’re the one who saved me!” Blaise groaned as he turned, walking backwards
as he faced Airakus and Draco who both shuf fled away from one another subconsciously .
“They do swoon over him Blaise, every girl in our years fancied Airakus at least once, he
never asks anyone out!” Pansy scof fed, casting Draco a glance that the boy scof fed in
response too.
“Why don't you go out with anyone Rosier? I swear you've never ever taken anyone to a
dance or anything?” Theo added with furrowed eyebrows as the group began walking more
together , Airakus feeling this tightening in his chest grow .
“Well, you were dancing with Granger at that party for V alentines, you two seem pretty close
no?” Blaise interjected, Airakus scof fing slightly .
“Me and Hermione are…”
“Just friends. Just friends and nothing but friends can we stop talking about this? W e’re
almost there!” Draco interrupted, giving Blaise and Theo that cool look, the look he used to
give Airakus, and Harry and Ron.
Airakus turned to Draco along with Pansy , the two facing the blonde boy with raised shocked
eyebrows. Draco usually kept his calm, was very composed, especially around his friends.
If he was trying to be discreet, he was failing.
Honeydukes was quiet, and there wasn't anyone there, so they snuck upstairs and grabbed
some candy , Blaise and Draco leaving money for them all on the counter before the kidsdashed back into the cellar and unto the one eyed witch passage way , none of them wanting
to risk a trip to the three broomsticks and an immediate expulsion upon being caught.
When they were back in the tunnel, Airakus ate his chocolate and listened as Theo and Pansy
bantered about normal stuf f, Blaise a few steps ahead of them, clearly not wanting to enrage
Draco furthur .
“If you didn't want him to find out, you're not doing a very good job” Airakus muttered into
Draco's ear as the two walked behind Theo and Pansy .
Draco scof fed and rolled his eyes, arms crossed over his school robes which were perfect and
orderly unlike Airakus which were wrinkled and untucked.
“I'd prefer it if he didn't go spreading that around.” Draco replied, Airakus scof fing slightly as
he tried to keep his voice down, not wanting the others to overhear .
“What? That me and Hermione are together?” Airakus asked teasingly , Draco turning to
Airakus with a scof f.
“I like it when you're jealous, it’ s cute.” Airakus bumped into Draco, the slytherin scof fing as
he stormed ahead to walk with Pansy and Theo, leaving Airakus with Blaise.
“He alright?” Blaise asked, Airakus shrugging with a slight chuckle.
“I'm sure he’ll live.” Airkaus replied, Blaise not bothering to answer as the five headed back
towards the castle.
 
Airakus was late rushing into the dorm where he had promised to meet Seamus.
Nobody else was in the dorm other than Seamus who was sitting on his bed listening to a
record while he tried and failed to finish his T ransfiguration homework. Airakus sighed with
a grin as he collapsed on top of the other boy , Seamus groaning as he rambled defence to
Airakus.
“Get of f me! I'm being crushed! Call the fire brigade!” Seamus exclaimed as Airakus
laughed, rolling of f of his best friend as the two sat up, Seamus not saying another word
before he leaned over , reaching under his messy bed.
He pulled out a wooden box, one of Lavender's hair bows on the top of it, neatly placed with
the utmost attention to details.  
Airakus laughed aloud when he saw it, Seamus rolling his eyes in response.
“What did you do? Pluck it of f her head?!” Airakus exclaimed as he nodded to the girl's bow ,
Seamus scof fing as he sighed through his own laughter .
“Payed Padma to nick it for me,” Seamus replied, Airakus rolling his eyes as he slid the lid
off of the lar ge wooden box, admiring the gift inside.He held it up with a sly smile to Seamus, the brown corduroy jacket looking stif f in the dust
ridden room, the rays of light casting a summer like tone over the cold dormitory .
“You didn't.” Airakus nodded, Seamus smiling with a teasing shrug as Airakus punched him
hard in the arm, standing and pulling the jacket on in one swift motion.
He stood there, hair on end, chocolate melting in his mouth, scars white in the light as his
unruly uniform seemed to match the new garment perfectly .
Seamus looked upon his friend with a grin, the boy finally fitting his clothes, finally looking
his age. He was tall, unnaturally tall, and ruf fish, but his face had finally lost its baby cheeks
and his long limbs were finally more than twigs, some muscle growing on them which gave
Airakus a more balanced form.
“You know you're quite hot right now ,” Seamus added with a chuckle, Airakus rolling his
eyes as he plucked his pack of cigarettes from his trouser pockets, lighting one as he passed
another to Seamus, the two filling the dorm with blueish smoke, aware that Dean would have
their necks when he found out.
The sunlight died as the noise of people outside funnelling downstairs from their dormitories,
all headed towards the party filled the room, entwined in the smoke.  
“Ready to get shitfaced?” Airakus asked as he stood, Seamus scof fing with a roll of his eyes.
“Airakus, I'm always ready to get shitfaced. Do you even know me?” Seamus replied
sarcastically as the Irish boy followed Airakus out of their dormitory , both aware of the
amount of shit they'd be in when Minnie found out about the seemingly truck load of
firewhiskey sitting on a heap at the back of the common room.
This would be fun.
Chapter End Notes
WOOPs didn't post for a while but IM BACK!!!!  
Im writing the end of fifth year right now so Im really trying to make sure Ive got this
written well and like fully finished before I post any of it because I despise having to
follow through a plot point I hate because I'm too lazy to rewrite half the bloody fic.  
Anyways, we live laugh love this fic, Its so long I had to separate the Google doc
because my computer kept crashing.  
Its currently 3am someone send me a melatonin for Merlin's sake.Birthday 1996
Chapter Summary
Airkaus's birthday party , and a surprise from Liza.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The party was loud, and even though Airakus could smell the whiskey on everyone's breath,
he could barely hear them over the music.  
He was sitting on the couch by the window , Harry , Ron, Geor ge and Hermione all spread out
with Airakus as they giggled and whispered as people walked past.
Ron and Hermione were still awkwardly avoiding one another after an incident of accidental
hand touching at breakfast that day , and Geor ge was moping given he had yet to see Adrian
Pucey stumble through the portrait hole.
Come to think of it, none of the Slytherins were there, which given Airakus had seen them
earlier that day wouldn't be strange or upsetting, but he felt as though Draco might be angry
with him.
Lavender had taken over the music around half an hour ago, and everyone seemed to be
having fun while they danced and sang, Airakus finally being dragged of f the couch into the
crowd by Seamus who was determined for the birthday boy to dance to shitty American
music.
No matter how long Airakus danced and sang, drank and laughed, he couldn't shake Blaise’ s
comments from earlier . 
When he danced with Hermione that night he made sure to keep his distance, though he gave
up eventually , not bothering to care what everyone thought of the two.  
Because if they knew him, if they really knew him, they'd know he was far too in love with
Malfoy to fancy Granger .
The thought stung him like a million bees,  
Love.  
He had never thought of that word before, he avoided it like that plague.
“AIRAKUS! WHICH SIDE DO WE ST ART WITH?!” Lavender screamed into Airakus’ s
ears as he snapped out of his panic-ridden trance.
He turned to the girl who was standing with the Patill twins to see her holding his Abba
golden hits album.“Side two, it's got W aterloo on it, everyone knows that one!” He screamed back, Lavender
smiling with a nod, Parvarti and Padma following her back over to the record player .
“AIRAKUS!” He heard once more, just as he had turned back towards Seamus and
Hermione who were spinning around to the music with drunken smiles on their young faces.
He turned with a glossy eyed smile to see Liza.  
He hadn't talked to her in seemingly weeks, he wondered if she was even allowed to be here,
she was only in fourth year . 
Then again, so were Ginny and Luna who were drinking with Angelina in the back corner ,
talking in hushed tones about boys and classes like they always did.
“Oh hi!” Airakus smiled, Liza grinning up at him, seemingly beaming, a red cup full of
alcohol in her hands.  
She was drunk, that was clear .
“Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday! Y ou're so old now god sixteen!” She laughed,
leaning in to Airakus as if whispering his age, like it was a secret.  
He played into it, eyes widening as he gestured for her to be quiet.
“Don't let them know I'm an elder now , they'll make me use a cane!” He teased, nodding
behind him towards where Seamus and Hermione were, but he didn't bother turning around.
“LIZA!” a few other girls called from the crowd of people in the tower .
Liza looked towards her friends with a scof f, turning back to Airakus as she waved him
closer , nodding for him to lean down.  
He did, ear out, clearly to listen to what she was seemingly going to tell him, but instead she
planted a warm kiss on his cheek, turning with a soft smile as she blushed, pushing through
the crowd back to her friends.
Airakus stood for a moment, shocked as he watched her leave.  
He chuckled a bit and turned around, back towards Hermione and Seamus who were now
joined by Geor ge and Adrian.
Waterloo started blasting the minute Airakus was back with his friends, as if Lavender had
waited for him to be done talking to Liza.
“OI! PUCEY! HA VE YOU SEEN MALFOY!?” Airakus yelled drunkenly , though he was
being drowned out by the screams of delight from the other students towards the music.
“YEA HE CAME IN WITH ME, OR WELL,” Adrian paused, looking back towards the
portrait hole.
“I thought he did, might be drunk already , Parkinson had us all pregaming!” Adrian chuckled,
Airakus rolling his eyes as he glanced towards the entrance, shaking his head as he let Abba
encompass him, too drunk to think deeply about anything other than his friends.“THE HIST ORY BOOK ON THE SHELF! IS AL WAYS REPEA TING ITSEEEEEELF ,”
Airakus screeched as he began jumping up and down with Seamus and Geor ge, Adrian and
Hermione swaying as they giggled.
Airakus didn't see Harry , or Draco, or Theo or Pansy or Blaise, and he surely didn't see them
see him.  
He was drunk, it was his birthday , and the moon was on the 22nd of May , in a week or so.  
He didn't see much that night, other than the floor of the dorm around three thirty with a
grunt as he fell.
He would deal with the repercussions in the morning.
Chapter End Notes
Be prepared for the angst my friends...  
Also sorry for not uploading for a while, I've been editing old chapters and my god its so
horrible at the begining....Seltzers
Chapter Summary
Repercussions of underage drinking, breakfast, a strange ar gument and Harry JAMES
Potter
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up that Saturday with a pounding headache.  
He knew he’d be hungover but he hadnt realised how bad it would be until he was lurched
over the sink vomiting, Seamus at the toilet, Ron in the bathtub half asleep.
“Having fun in there?” Dean chuckled, Seamus rolling his eyes as he collapsed onto the floor .
“I hate alcohol!” Seamus declared, Airakus rolling his eyes,
“I love alcohol. Get me an alka seltzer , would you Dean?” Airakus nodded to Dean who
rolled his eyes ruf fling Seamus's hair in the most domestic way possible as he turned and
headed for Airakus’ s bedside table to grab the boy's glass of water and his seltzer tablet.
Airakus sat on the bathroom floor , Seamus and him passing the glass back and forth as they
muttered jokes about the party , Ron slowly but surely waking up, Dean joining them on the
floor in his pyjamas, the only one who had gotten to bed apparently .
Harry and Neville both were not in the dorm, Dean claimed Harry was asleep downstairs, but
nobody knew when Nev was.
Airakus had a sneaking suspicion, but he didn't say anything as he stood, tugging back the
curtain as he turned on the shower , the streams of cold water shooting down with a loud
churning noise coming from the pipes.
“OI ARSEHOLE!” Ron groaned in a yelp as he leapt out of the tub, Airakus tugging of f his
shirt as he turned to face the others.
“Alright scram, I'll be quick then W easley you go given you're already wet…” Airakus
chuckled, Ron snarling as Dean nudged him out of the bathroom, Seamus remaining on the
floor as Airakus showered.  
Soon after Airakus was finished, Ron stumbled back into the bathroom, Airakus and Dean
dragging the still quite sick Seamus of f the floor to give the boy his privacy .
Airakus tugged on his dads old quidditch hoodie, ‘ROSIER’ across the back in bold silver
letters.  He dried his hair with the new hairdryer T onks had sent him the day before, popping a few
squares of the chocolate Remus had sent.
The candy that had come with no note.  
No wish of happy birthdays.  
No invitations back to Grimmauld or W ales.
Airakus had never felt that abandoned before, and his parents had been dead for nearly 15
years.  
Airakus and Dean brushed their teeth while Seamus showered, neither one of the boys caring
to leave him alone half asleep in the water .
After the four were dressed and clean, rid of the stench of drinks and sweat, they grabbed
their wands and books and took of f out of the dorm, Airakus and Dean laughing while Ron
and Seamus stumbled sickly after them.
The common room was clean, not a speck of evidence from the party visible other than the
few sleeping students on the floor .
Harry wasn't there, which Airakus thought was weird, but nobody else said anything, so he
just rushed after the other boys as they headed out the portrait hole, the sunrise peeking
through the tall windows.
It wasn't even seven am when they got to the great hall, and after the party from the night
before, other than a few eager first and second years, there was virtually nobody at breakfast.
Seamus and Ron cursed Dean for waking them up so early , to which Dean reminded Seamus
that he was awoken by the need to vomit.
“Whatever” Seamus scowled as he sat down across from Airakus and Ron, besides Dean who
tutted at him as he poured Seamus a cup of cof fee, the Irish boy looking up at him with a
warm glance before burying his face in his mug.
“Where do you think Neville is?'' Ron asked once more with an over exaggerated yawn,
Airakus grinning when the hall doors opened.
“Right there.” Airakus answered as none other than Longbottom himself walked in with Luna
and Liza, along with a few other fourth year girls, red eyed and sleepy looking.
“Is he....” Seamus began, putting down his mug and craning his neck in intrigue.  
“Yup!” Airkuas replied with a grin.
“It’s not even eight in the morning!” Ron added as the four watched Neville walk giggle
ridden in between the blonde girls, his knit sweater draping of f of him like water .
“At least Nevilles having fun for once!” Dean commented, the four nodding simultaneously
as they turned away from their dorm mate who was giddily waving at them, Airakus
presenting a nod back before he too ducked into a fit of laughter , a few surrounding students
casting the usually shy and quiet boy a strange glance or two.Airakus ate his breakfast, a rather lar ge amount as he watched people trickle into the hall.  
Ron, Seamus and Dean, now joined by Angelina, Lee and Ginny were all talking about
something, but Airakus was distracted and bored, sipping his pumpkin juice as he scanned
the hall.
He was looking for Harry , sure, maybe Hermione? The two must be together , given
Lavender , Parvati and the other girls from Miones dorm were all now sitting just down the
table from them.
He was also looking for Draco, Pansy , Theo, god even Blaise.  
None of whom he had seen the night before.
That thought hadn’ t scared him last night as much as it did now . Did they not want to come to
the party? Had they had enough of him already that afternoon? W as Draco angry with him for
joking about Blaise finding out? Did he think Airakus was angry at him?
Soon enough the hall doors opened again and in walked Pansy and Blaise, no Theo or Draco.
It was odd that the two would leave without the other boys, but if they were both still asleep
or if their dorm was padlocked there was no reason to overthink their absence.
Yet Airakus did it anyway .
He was eating another roll as the lights around him gleamed down, when he was snapped out
of his scanning of Slytherin table and light stalking of Pansy and Blaise who were in hushed
conversation with Daphne Greengrass and Astoria, by someone sitting beside him.
He turned to see Hermione, hair curly and wild, eyes wide as if she had just witnessed
something horrible.  
“I'm never drinking again.” She scof fed, Airakus laughing as Dean passed her the pot of
coffee which she took without a word, pouring herself a cup before downing it humorously .
“Where's Potter?” Airakus asked, Hermione furrowing her eyebrows at the comment.  
“What, he wasn't in the dorm?” Hermione asked alarmed, Airakus' eyebrows furrowing
down.
“I thought he was with you? Dean wasn't he in the common room?” Airakus asked, turning to
Dean who shrugged.
“He was this morning, around four I'd say , but so were like thirty people still partying. Maybe
he went down to the greenhouses with Nev?” Dean asked, humouring himself.  
“Harry wouldn't do that type of stuf f, he doesn't even smoke cigarettes.." Airakus began.
"Besides, it's too early for anyone to be high other than Neville and Luna.” He added,
everyone around nodding in silent agreement.
Airakus returned to his breakfast, still stalking Slytherin table, and worrying shitlessley about
Malfoy , but now also concerned with Harry's absence.
He hadn't cared that Potter was mad at him, it had been his birthday , he wasn't letting Harry's
outburst get in the way . But that moment Airakus was flooded with thoughts of occlumency lessons and connections
with V oldemort.  
Dead Harry in the woods, tortured Harry in the dungeons.
He tried his best to stomach the pile of food he had just eaten as he stood, the bench rocking
slightly , shaking Ron and Hermione who were on either side of him.
“Where are you going?” Ron asked, Airakus shaking his head.
“I'm gonna vomit again!” Airakus grumbled as he rushed out of the hall towards the
bathroom, diving towards the lar ge sink as he bent over it, a cold sweat taking him over . 
He stared at himself in the mirror .
He tugged on his tie, sighing as he splashed himself in the face with water , the nausea
disappearing when he saw the silver reflection in the mirror .
“Blondie! There you are!” Airakus grinned as he turned, the look Draco gave him sending a
jolt through his heart.
“Not happy to see me?” Airakus teased, trying to rid Draco of the look on his face. That look
of sadness, desperation, of slight fear . It was gut wrenching.
“What's wrong?” Airakus asked as he stepped forwards, Draco shaking his head with a scof f.
“What is this to you?” Draco asked, catching Airakus of f guard.  
“What do you mean?” Airakus asked, confused as all hell.
“What is this to you? What the fuck am I to you? Did that promise mean nothing? Am I just
some way to get back at your idiotic friends? Some excuse to make yourself feel better?”
Draco snapped, Airakus’ s eyes widening, his eyebrows raised as he stared at Malfoy ,
shocked.
“No, merlin no Draco what are you talking about....” Airakus began to ask, stepping forwards
as he reached out for Draco, taking the boy's hand.
“I care about you Draco, merlin I'd give up chocolate for you!” Airakus exclaimed.  
“Is that supposed to make it any better?” Malfoy scof fed in response, Airakus pausing.
“Yes?” He replied, his eyes eager , his heart pounding.  
Draco stared back at him, looking cold, eyes soft as he tried not to break.
“I was scared when I didn't see you last night, I thought you were mad at me for what I said
about Theo and Blaise finding out.” Airakus admitted, Draco sighing as he played with his
ring on his left hand, his right still holding Airakus's at the boy's sides.
“I was angry with you after I walked into the tower and saw you kissing some girl.” Draco
deadpanned.
Airakus opened his mouth to speak, to retaliate, to ask Draco what on earth he was talking
about when the door to the bathroom opened, Airakus stepping away as if Draco had theplague.
“Oh hey mate!” Harry nodded, Airakus frozen on the spot turned back to where Draco was
standing, snarl on his face, directed at Harry , though Airakus knew he was still angry with
him.
“Malfoy?” Harry asked, pausing in the middle of the lavatory as he glanced between his
enemy and his brother , eyebrows furrowed.
“I was just leaving Potter , no need to start barking at me.” Draco added, scof fing as he
pushed past Airakus, his shoulder hitting Airakus’ s bad one, the boy wincing slightly as he
watched the door swing shut behind Malfoy , turning back to Harry who was watching with
the utmost curiosity .
He panicked, chuckled, and rid his face of all distress that was blatantly there.
“Hungover then?” Airakus chuckled, Harry leaning over the sink with a green look of illness
spread across his face.
“Maybe, or maybe I'm dying. Feels like I'm dying.” Harry chuckled, holding his stomach as
he sat there.
“I've got a seltzer in my pocket if you want one, you can barely taste them if you put it in
your cof fee.” Airakus added, Harry nodding with a sigh as he crossed the room, taking
Airakus’ s shoulders in his hands.
“Thanks mate really , you're a lifesaver!” Harry sighed, returning to the sink and splashing
water on his face before he turned back to face Airakus whose feet felt as if they were
cemented to the ground.
“You alright mate? Y ou seem of f?” Harry chuckled, Airakus grateful for whatever dispute
between them having seemingly gone away , but cemented still with fear .
“What did he say to you?” Harry asked suddenly , talking about Draco though Airakus didn't
realise it until Harry had begun speaking once more.
“I get that Hermione wants to get him in the DA and all that, but if he’ s still being an arse to
you tell her Airakus, she’ll listen!” Harry added as he finished his rant, Airakus furrowing his
eyebrows.
“What are you talking about?” Airakus asked, feeling as though he were going to vomit
again.
“Well, Miones been trying to convince me and Ron to let him properly join the DA, or well, I
guess she was before everything happened…” Harry paused, clearly thinking about Cho,
which had been a touchy subject since Umbridge had found them.
“Me and Ron, well, we hate Malfoy and all, but we were going to agree, to get her to shut up
about it. He’ s been leaving us alone recently , hasn't said a word to me since Christmas really
...but if he's still being an asshole, like at the world cup and everything ... .just tell us...alrightAirakus? Y ou've been gone a lot recently , and I know you miss us as much as we miss you,”
Harry shook his head, clearly done talking as Airakus stood there, looking at Harry with
contradiction racing in his mind.
“I've missed you too, you big fairy ,” Airakus teased, Harry chuckling as he walked out of the
bathroom, Airakus swallowing his pride and following his mate back to breakfast.
Chapter End Notes
Sorry I haven't posted in weeks, Ive been really busy and all, sort of for got to post ngl.  
This chapter is sad because they are ar guing, but trust me that this is all build up for the
absolute best end of fifth year known to mankind (I haven't finished writing it yet)  
Also, I'm aware that the ar gument between Airakus and Harry is once again swept under
the rug, but Im trying to be realistic here, and based of f Airakus's past avoidance of
confrontation, its best to just let things die in his opinion instead of talking everything
through.I love you
Chapter Summary
I'll let you read this one....
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
After breakfast Airakus tried and failed to escape from Harry and Ron to go find Draco, and
after Ron had started whining about girls for the fourth time or so Seamus had left to go find
Dean.
Airakus didn't want to feel trapped with Harry and Ron, especially right after Harry and him
had seemingly stopped ar guing.  
They were his best mates; but to be honest, he would have rather cleaned screwt cages for a
month than listen to them complain for another second.
He slipped away after lunch, claiming he was gonna go see Madame Pomfrey for something
to cure his stomach ache, instead he rushed towards the dungeons.  
He paced the corridors outside of the Slytherin common room waiting, but nobody passed by . 
He went upstairs and tried looking in empty rooms and the library but once again couldn't
find Draco, Theo, Pansy or Blaise.
Airakus eventually thought to check outside and grinned when he saw the Slytherins out by
the lake, sitting on the wet pebbly sand as Theo splashed around in the shallows, his trousers
tugged up above his knees as he held up his robes.
It was May , still far too cold to go swimming, but of course Airakus rushed over , ignoring
Draco and Pansy as he tackled Theo into the water , the both of them laughing hysterically as
they resurfaced, drenched to the bone.
“Arsehole! These are my only clean robes!” Theo exclaimed through laughter , Airakus
shaking his head as he spit the water from his mouth.
“It's Saturday , why are you even in your uniform?” He teased, everyone pausing as they
turned to Theo who just shrugged.
Airakus shoved Theo lightly back into the water , Draco standing rather suddenly .
“Watch it Rosier!” Malfoy snapped, Airakus running a hand through his wet hair , eyebrows
furrowed as he looked between Draco and Theo, who had just come back up, the laughter
disappearing from his face when he saw Draco, standing cautiously .“Jesus mate I was kidding,” Airakus replied with an awkward laugh, Theo laying on his back
as he waded around in the water , avoiding eye contact with Pansy as she tried to calm Draco
down.
Airakus sat silently for a few minutes, looking between the three Slytherins confused before
he opened his mouth to speak, Pansy cutting him of f.
“Rosier really , it's not the time. Y ou should go.” Pansy snapped, brow furrowed, hand on
Draco's shoulder as the boy scof fed, picking up his tweed jacket as he tugged his shoes back
on.
“Forget it.” Draco shook her of f as he began walking back towards the castle, head down.
“What happened?” Airakus asked, Pansy shaking her head with an astounded glance at
Airakus.
“Don't bloody ask me?” She replied as she stood, tugging her jumper of f, Airakus ignoring
the nervous glance Theo sent him as Pansy came walking towards him in the lake, Airakus
shaking his hair dry as he tugged back on his own shoes, pulling his jumper of f as he rang it
dry, rushing across the fresh lawn to catch up with Malfoy .
It wasn't the best idea to be seen with Draco outside, especially given Airakus didn't know
where Harry or Ron were at the moment.  
But he really didn't care, his only thought was to figure out why Draco was upset with him
again.
Had Draco been angry about Harry nearly catching them that morning? W ell clearly he was
angry with Airakus from the night before, about what Airakus still wasn't sure. It was clearly
his fault, he had seemed fine until Airakus had arrived, or well, he hadn't really been fine all
day.
Airakus took a glance around, seeing a few Gryf findors in the year below him, Liza amongst
the crowd.
“Malfoy!” He called, his voice reminiscent of the days where they had hated one another .
“Malfoy slow down!” Airakus called again, reaching out to grab Draco who shook the boys
hand of f, turning to face Airakus, his eyebrows furrowed, chin high with snobbish pride as
his eyes found Airakus’ s, rage bubbling behind his soft blue gaze, his fists whiter than snow
as they clenched at his sides.
“What the fuck do you want?” Draco snapped, Airakus pausing as his breath stopped, taken
aback by the malice in the boy's voice.
“I'm sorry about this morning, I wanted to talk to you about it, I didn't mean to blow you of f
like that just Harry could have…” Airakus began, Draco scof fing as he rolled his eyes,
tossing his jacket over his shoulder as he stared at the ground.“It’s always about Potter isn't it? If Potter finds out it's the end of the world!” Draco accused,
Airakus pausing as he shook his head.
“You don't understand,” Airakus began, Draco scof fing.
“No I really don't!? Y ou're the one who started this all? Y ou're the one who nearly kissed me
at the yule ball Rosier? I didn't want to tell Potter or Granger or W easley but you seem to be
racing your mind figuring out ways for them to know without them killing you and me and
telling the whole fucking school?!” Draco yelled, Airakus stepping forwards eyebrows
suddenly furrowed
“Can we talk about this somewhere else? There's people around!” Airakus muttered to Draco,
reaching out to grab the boy's hand, Draco shaking his head as he stepped backwards.
“No,” He began, Airakus’ s heart jumping.
“No. If you want this you have to want to tell them.” Draco said, Airakus pausing.
“I do want to tell them, Draco, I do want to tell them, do you think I don't want them to
know?!” Airakus exclaimed, getting rather frustrated.
“No Rosier you don't. If you wanted them to know it wouldn't be so detrimental for anyone to
find out. I want Theo and Blaise to know , I'd be overjoyed if they already knew so it was out
of the bloody way , but I can't tell them. That's the dif ference between you and I. I want them
to know , I want things to be easier , and you seem to be fine living two fucking lives.” Draco
snapped, Airakus standing, the cool May breeze blowing his hair .
Sixteen was treating him better . His hair was curling like it used to, and he was growing into
his long limbs. His eyes were tired, but wide with excitement.
Right now he didn't look that excited.  
He stared at Draco.
Malfoy wasn't sixteen yet, but he was still growing up. His baby face was gone, a slim, bony
structure replacing it. His hair was pure white now , the hint of human colour disappearing
that winter and never returning. He still had those freckles though, 48 across his cheeks and
nose, Airakus had counted.
“What about us?” Draco asked, Airakus’ s breath catching in his throat. He felt like he was
choking.
“That's what you said when I asked about Potter . What about us? What happened to that?
When was the last time you thought about that Rosier? Thought about me as something other
than your little goddamn secret?” Draco scof fed, Airakus stepping forwards again.
“Draco no, no, I…Y ou dont understand I..”
Draco turned, shaking his head as he began storming back to the castle, Airakus standing in
the field alone.“I love you” He muttered, his eyes welling as he turned towards the quidditch pitch where he
could see the other students watching on, muttering rumours.
Airakus wiped his eyes with the back of his hands as he stood there, staring at where Draco
had been, then at the door to the castle where the boy had disappeared inside.
Did he really want them all to know?  
The answer was simple.  
Yes.
He wanted to sit with Draco and talk about Draco, how Ron rambled about Hermione, how
Fred rambled about Angie.  
He wanted to tell Harry about him, and talk about him at dinner at home with Remus and
Sirius.  
But he couldn't. Draco knew he couldn’ t, just how Airakus knew those rules applied to
Malfoy as well.
Their situation was too dif ficult, but Airakus knew Draco wanted everyone to know . 
That if they could, they would tell their friends.
Did Draco really think Airakus didn't want them to know?  
That he was ashamed of Malfoy?  
That he was using him?
He stood there, staring, eyes wide.  
Someone talked to him, it might have been Theo, but he left after Airakus did not reply ,
glancing back at the boy as Pansy tugged him along after Blaise.
He stood there.  
The dinner bell rang, but he didnt move, those same Gryf findors apprehensively leaving him
as they walked to the great hall, the sun setting over the grounds as Airakus stared, his eyes
stinging as he for got to blink over and over again.
What had he done?  
What was he going to do?
He stood there, until his legs gave out and he found himself staring at the starry night sky .
Freshly sixteen and every song he had listened to suddenly became true.  
Love hurts.  
He had said it aloud, although Draco hadn't heard him.
Airakus didn't think he had ever loved anyone like that before.  
He didn't think he ever would. He didn't think he could.  
He was too damaged.  
It seemed impossible.
He stared at the stars, eyes welling each time he landed on Dracos own constellation shining
above him tauntingly .He wasn't sure when he fell asleep, all he remembered was tears.
Tears he was ashamed of.
Chapter End Notes
IM SORR YMay Snows
Chapter Summary
Hospital W ing and Chain Smoking.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
He woke up in the hospital wing around six in the morning the next day , clothes from the day
before still tight around him, wool jumper still damp from the bloody lake.
“Finally awake are we?” Poppy asked as she crossed the room, her red medi witches uniform
swaying behind her as she handed Airakus a potion.
He opened his mouth to speak but Madame Pomfrey hushed him.
“Don't try and talk, not until you drink that anyways' ' She replied, Airakus furrowing his
eyebrows as he chugged down the potion, feeling of warmth spreading down his throat as he
coughed.
“Merlin Poppy , what did I do this time?!” He chuckled, reaching up only to realise there was
a bandage around his hand.
“You fell asleep on the grounds according to the other students who found you last night.
They would've been in trouble for sneaking out of the castle so late, if they hadn't landed
upon you buried in the snow .” Poppy sighed, Airakus’ s eyebrows shooting up.
“Snow? It's mid May?!” He exclaimed, Poppy shrugging.
“Weathers been odd ever since it happened,” She said as if ‘it’ were a slur . 
She meant V oldemort's return of course, but even Madame Pomfrey wouldn't dare say that
aloud.
“Did anyone..” Airakus began Poppy nodding as she cut him of f.
“Hermione and Ginny were here this morning, oh and Seamus and Mr .Potter were summoned
last night so they knew you were alright.” Poppy explained, Airakus guilty glancing down at
his feet hidden under the blankets, eyebrows furrowed as his mind raced.
“He was here this morning, before the girls. Said he didn't want me to tell you he’d been but I
won’ t lie to you Airakus.” Poppy sighed. “He was distraught.”At that the woman stood, leaving Airakus as she walked towards another student down with
something, most likely a stomach bug.  
Airakus let his head fall backwards onto his pillow , eyes tracing the edges of the pillars
holding up the high ceilinged hospital wing.
Draco had come to see him? Draco was upset? Even after what had happened last night?  
Airakus thought to smile for a moment before the memories flooded back and he
remembered why he had fallen asleep on the lawn. Cemented on the spot, unable to think let
alone walk to the dorm.
Draco had left him.  
He loved him and he had left him.
“YOU'RE ALIVE!” Seamus exclaimed as he ran towards Airakus’ s bed, clinging to the boy
aggressively as Dean and Harry chuckled, walking in behind Seamus who was being snapped
at by Poppy reminding the boys to be quiet.
“Yes I am alive!” Airakus replied choppily , head pounding as those thoughts circled the drain
that was any emotion Airakus had ever had.
What had he done!?
“Are you alright mate?” Harry asked, suddenly all three seemed rather concerned, more so
for the horrid face Airakus was making as he stared into the abyss.
“Have any of you seen Malfoy this morning?” Airakus asked, Seamus freezing as Poppy
dropped something she was carrying, scurrying to clean it up as she watched Airakus
cautiously .
“At breakfast, why?” Dean asked, eyebrows raised as he glanced at Seamus who was wearing
the same shocked expression.  
Nothing like Harry's face which was pure frustration and concern.
“Did he do this? Did he cast some jelly legs jinx and get you stuck outside?!” Harry
exclaimed, Airakus shaking his head as he sat up straighter , feeling dizzy as he tried not to
fall over again.
“No he didn't bloody do this,” Airakus chuckled, although humour was at the bottom of the
list of things he was experiencing at the moment.  
He looked around again, eyes adjusting to the lights as he turned to Seamus.
“Then what happened?” Harry asked, Airakus sighing as he collapsed back onto his pillow .
“I don't remember” He lied, Seamus raising an eyebrow as Harry sighed.
“I better get to the dungeon before Snape comes and murders me himself.” Harry began
apprehensively , patting Airakus’ s shoulder as he turned and left.  
“See you at lunch mate!” He called as the doors closed behind him.Airakus sat back up, facing where the boy had been to see that Dean was also gone. He
realised moments later that he was talking anxiously to Madame Pomfrey clearly about
Airakus’ s health while Seamus looked at him with a concerned glance.
“Pansy told me you two were ar guing, no?” Seamus asked, Airakus nodding slightly . 
“What about?” Seamus asked again, Airakus sighing as he shook his head.
“I fucked up Sea.” Airakus said, his voice cracking.  
Seamus grabbed his hand tightly , stopping the boy's tears which had filled his eyes in the
moment.
“She said we can take you back to the dorm now if you'd like?” Dean asked upon return,
Airakus not bothering to reply as he stood, Seamus casting adrying charm over the boy as the
three left the hospital wing quickly and quietly .
 
“Oi mate! Feeling better? Ron asked groggily as he sat up in his bed, nodding to Dean as he
followed Airakus and Seamus into the dorm.
Airakus opened his mouth to speak and immediately disappeared into the bathroom, the
sound of the boy throwing up clear through the thin walled dormitory .
“Clearly not!?” Ron sighed as his head hit his pillow once more, Dean rushed into the
bathroom as Seamus sat on the edge of Dean's bed, lighting a cigarette.  
“Don't smoke in here Seamus!” Ron scolded.
“Awe piss of f Weasel!” Airakus groaned as he emer ged from the bathroom, plucking the
cigarette from Seamus’ s hands as he took a long drag, Dean emer ging right after him with
eyebrows shot to the top of his forehead.
“DON'T SMOKE IN HERE! Airakus we should go back to the hospital wing, Madame
Pomfrey doesn't know your throwing up it could mean something!” Dean rambled as he tried
and failed to take Seamus’ s lighter .
“We just left, I'm probably still hungover . I'll take a seltzer . I’m fine.” Airakus scof fed, all
three of his roommates pausing as they turned to him cautiously .
The last time he had said the two words, ‘I’m fine’, he had been carried to bed by their head
of house because he was indeed not fine.  
Once again, Airakus Rosier was far from fine; but he would rather die than explain to his
roommates why he felt this deathly . 
He doubted Ron's reaction would help him feel better .
Airakus sat on the floor of the dormitory smoking with Seamus until lunch.  
By the time Neville and Harry returned from wherever they had been, the room was full of
blue tinted smoke, the light from outside covered by the thick red curtains that Ron had
drawn so he could sleep in.“Stop being drug addicts, it's time for food!” Neville exclaimed with a chuckle as he walked
inside, Seamus bursting out into laughter as Neville rolled his eyes, sitting on his bed as he
tugged on a dif ferent jumper . 
“I get it, it's ironic, stop laughing.” Neville said, red in the face as the boys chuckled.
Airakus ignored the concerned glances his roommates were sending on another as the six
boys walked down to the great hall for lunch.
He then ignored Hermione and Ginny's rapid questionnaire about the events of the night
before as he scanned the great hall for a certain Slytherin whom he couldn't find.
He ate, in relative silence, cracking a joke every now and then teasing the others, but he was
too distracted by the lack of blonde Slytherin boy to care what anyone was talking about.
Dinner followed and Airakus did the same thing, scanning the great hall and absent mindedly
half participating in the conversation with his friends, returning to the dorms early and taking
two sleeping potions which knocked him out soon after .
He didn't want to think, he wanted to sleep, no dreams meant no torment.
The morning that followed would be the return of those thoughts, for now he let the spring air
fill the dorm as he slept, his roommates mumbling gossip over him as he dozed of f.
Chapter End Notes
Arguments are exhausting but entertaining to write at the same time.  
Bro rlly passed away on the lawn like pall, get up, go inside, drama queen.  
He yelled at me so I fell asleep in the snow and died- Airakus Rosier probably .Fights and Glances
Chapter Summary
Airakus is looking for Malfoy , he finds the boy with his fist.  
Poppy's in a mood.  
Draco's in a mood.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Draco wasn't at breakfast.  
He wasn't in Defence Against the Dark Arts class either , though he may have been late,
Airakus had fallen asleep halfway through the lecture so he wasn't sure.
“Alright mate?” Seamus asked as he sat across from Airakus who was in between Ron and
Ginny .
“Your ties not right...” Dean sighed as he tugged Seamus towards him by the collar , adjusting
the boy's necktie as he tucked it properly under his jumper . 
It wasn't abnormal for Dean to fix his friends' uniforms, even those who weren't Seamus
these days.  
It was one of Umbridge’ s new rules, as headmistress one assumed she could do whatever she
pleased.
“Yea alright, you seen him today?” Airakus asked, Seamus shaking his head, well aware who
Airakus was talking about given the boy was watching the doors to the great hall like a hawk.
“He’ s not dead, he’ll be in potions I bet you.” Dean added, Seamus casting him a weary
glance as Airakus ignored the boys comment, his eyes following Pansy , Draco and Theo as
they walked towards the Slytherin table, his heart thumping out of his chest, relief washing
him over as he saw the pale boy in the flesh.
It had been a day , apparently that was too long.
Airakus ate his breakfast, not breaking his gaze once, even blinking seemed too dangerous, as
if Draco would disappear if he looked away for even a second.
“Morning!” Hermione cheered as she sat down, Airakus turning with a small smile to the
girl.
When he turned back Draco was gone, his head whipped towards the door and saw him
adjusting his tie as he strode out of the hall, his robes in Pansy arms, the girl watching him
leave as she shook her head and turned back to the others who were still eating.“I’ll be right back,” Airakus said mindlessly as he stood and left breakfast, something he was
apparently doing a lot recently as he rushed out of the hall behind Draco.
“Malfoy!” Airakus called after him, casting weary glances to the people he passed.  
He was feeling dangerously familiar with the situation, though he was too determined to talk
to Draco to care if he was repeating himself.
He turned a corner and found Draco standing still, back to Airakus as he looked up at an owl
perched atop a windowsill, the boy’ s glance diverting as he turned to face Airakus.
“Leave me alone Rosier .” Draco snarled as he pushed past Airakus, apparently deciding to go
back to the great hall as he walked back the way he had come, Airakus rushing after him once
more.
“Malfoy!”  
“Malfoy slow down!”  
“DRACO!” Airakus snapped, grabbing Draco’ s shoulder and turning him, like he had done
Saturday on the grounds.  
Draco turned and shoved Airakus, not bothering to step back or speak. He just pushed him.
Airakus pushed back.  
Draco shoved him again.  
Airakus pushed back.  
Draco swung at him, missing.  
Airakus lunged at him, Draco reached for his wand.  
Airakus slapped the boy's wand from his hands, both their wands skidding across the floor as
they were slowly but surely surrounded by students rushing out of the great hall watching the
two. 
Draco was on top of him, punching him square in the face, one, two, three times.  
Airakus shoved him of f and swung down hard, he had put his weight into it even though he
hadn’ t particularly meant to and he was now staring at Draco as a droplet of red crimson fell
from the boy's nose, landing on his lips before trickling down onto his shirt.
All Airakus wanted to do was make up and be able to kiss those lips again, without worry ,
without a care.  
He knew he had done it now .
Then he smelt the strong metallic smell of his own blood filling his nose and he too realised
that he had a cut across his face, under his eye.
Draco’ s ring, the one Airakus had given him ironically , had cut him quite badly .
“I'm sorry , Merlin's beard Malfoy are you ok?!” Airakus panicked as he reached forwards, his
hand cupping Dracos cheek as he looked at the blood, a few shocked faces and mumbled
from the students around them caused Draco to spring back and shove Airakus harshly .
“Fuck of f Rosier dont touch me!” Draco snarled, eyes soft, eyebrows raised.‘Not here’ he seemingly told Airakus with his eyes, Airakus nodding a bit as Snape and
Mcgonagol rushed towards them, Minerva giving Airakus the most deadly glare as Umbridge
appeared, her robes swaying behind her .
“GET T O CLASS!” She scowled, the students that had flooded the hall scurrying away as the
woman stood, looking sternly down at the boys as she turned to the two professors.
“You deal with this as you wish,” She said meekly , humming as she turned and left, Snape
glancing to Minvera.
“Hospital wing the both of you, and detention after class today , scrubbing the floors in the
potions room.” Mcgonagol determined sternly , Airakus opening his mouth to protest before
closing it again, turning as he licked his lip which was also bleeding quite profusely
“I expect you both to start the essay for class today even though you’ll miss the lesson! It's on
carnivorous plants and the side ef fects of herbs in sleeping draughts.” Snape snarled as he
turned, Minerva and him leaving just as soon as they had arrived.
Suddenly it was Draco and Airakus walking silently , about a foot in between them as they
avoided looking at one another the entire way to the hospital wing.
Airakus was staring at the portraits on the walls, Draco at his feet. They were both silent,
though at some point Airakus had handed Draco a kleenex for his nose bleed, which the boy
had taken without a word, just a quick brush of their hands which Airakus thought about the
rest of the way to see Poppy who would surely throw a fit when she saw them.
“What happened to you!?” Poppy shouted when the two appeared standing shamefully in the
hospital wing, side by side.
Airakus opened his mouth to speak but shut it again when Poppy grabbed Draco's face,
tugging him away to a bed, Airakus following his eyebrows furrowed as he watched the
woman who was basically his grandmother fuss over Draco Malfoy as if he were her
newborn baby .
“Sometimes it’ s apparent that you are your father's son.” Poppy sighed as she glanced
towards Airakus who was taken aback, stung by her tone as his eyebrows shot up.
“He also had a rough punch, your height gives you an advantage on most, Mr .Malfoy was
lucky you two are the same weight...” Poppy mumbled, Airakus’ s shoulders sagging from
relief as he glanced at Draco from the corner of his eye, Poppy tossing another rag covered in
blood as she waved her wand, handing Draco a potion before turning to Airakus.
“OH! Y ou're also bleeding?!” Poppy exclaimed as if it were not apparent, the woman then
grabbing Airakus’ s face and giving him the same treatment she had given Draco.
She left him with a potion and an ice pack, and Draco with a warm face towel to keep on his
nose in case it hurt, though Airakus thought it was strange she'd given him something cold
and Draco something warm as a remedy for similar injuries.“I'm sorry I hit you that hard, I didn't mean to..” Airakus broke the silence that had fallen,
Draco not replying, merely staring at the wall in front of them.
“And I'm sorry about what happened on Saturday…and whatever I did at the party that you
were angry about…” Airakus added, pleading for a response.
“Can we go now?” Draco asked when Poppy came back, the woman nodding with a small
smile, Draco taking of f, Airakus rushing after him.
Chapter End Notes
I love this chapter even though its a fight because I wrote it at like five in the morning
when I was still deciding if I was killing Sirius of f or not.  
Anyways, sorry I haven't posted, I've been planning out sixth year given I just finished
fifth, be prepared.Detention Resolutions
Chapter Summary
A vague ar gument and a snog
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
They missed Potions, and Snape did not hold back from reminding them of their detentions
after class.
Since Hagrid was still absent, Airakus and Draco sat in the potions room, Snape scof fing at
them and giving them their instructions for detention early given his fifth period class were
taking practice O.W .L.S.
“Scrub the floors, don't be lazy , get all the corners.” He recited, Airakus standing, picking at
his nails, aware of how to clean the floors, having done it a thousand times before.
“Oh and boys,” Snape added as he headed towards the door , the two turning alert.  
“Don't get into another fight please? I'd rather you not break anything more.” Snape scowled,
Airakus turning to Draco as the door closed.
“So,” He began, Draco turning and heading for the storage closet without a word to Airakus,
the Gryf findor following with furrowed eyebrows.
“What are you doing?” Airakus asked, Draco scof fing as he got one of the towels wet,
dripping some water on the floor near the faucet.
“Making it look like we didn't use our wands.” Draco replied, AIrakus nodding slightly as he
let the Slytherin work his magic.
After Draco was done, and had cast the enchantment on the mop to clean by itself, the blonde
boy sat on the desk, fiddling with his rings, Airakus standing across from him, no words
between the boys.
“I am really sorry still,” Airakus began once more, Draco rolling his eyes as he groaned.
“Can you stop it Rosier? I don't want to hear your spiele of apologies. I get it alright? Y ou
don't want your precious friends knowing about me, I get it.”
This reminded Airakus a lot of third and fourth year , when Draco wouldn't admit that he did
like Airakus, that he was in fact gay .How far they had come, yet still they were back here, ar guing like children.
“I want them to know . I do, I do want them to know and I act like I don't because I thought it
was making everything easier . I didn't know if you wanted them to know , I didn't know ... .I
didn't know if you were still afraid of this..” Airakus said, his words catching in his throat as
Draco stood.
“Afraid? Rosier Im not afraid of us, I'm afraid you don't care about this, I'm afraid you're to
busy snogging girls at parties to care about my fucking feelings!” Draco yelled, Airakus
pausing as he stood, cemented to the ground once more.
What on earth was he talking about?
“What are you on about?” Airakus replied snarkily , Draco’ s eyebrows shooting up.
“I saw you, with that fourth year at your birthday party .” Draco snapped, Airakus’ s eyebrows
shooting up, opening his mouth to talk before Draco cut him of f. 
“Don’ t lie to me about it, I saw you.” Draco scof fed.
“It wasn't like that! I promise! I didn't even know she was going to kiss me, and it was on the
cheek, and it was only once! I was looking for you!” Airakus exclaimed, defending himself
like a madman as Draco stood, arms crossed, unconvinced.
“Blondie, I want you more than anything else in the world! Of course I want my friends to
know , if it was a perfect world they would but it isn't! Why would I go kissing some random
girl at my birthday party?!” Airakus asked, Draco furrowing his eyebrows slightly .
Airakus watched as Draco tensed, Airakus looking at the boy under his brow ..
“I want you.” Airakus said again, Draco’ s shoulders tensing.  
Their eyes met, and in a moment Draco was back on the desk, Airakus’ s hands fiddling with
the buttons of his shirt as their tongues fought in their mouths.
They were glad Snape had locked the door .
Chapter End Notes
WOOOOPS didn't post for a while.  
Idk if I like this chapter but wtv I'm writing sixth year rn and its P AINFUL.Nearly Headless
Chapter Summary
Bad moons arising
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus was sitting on the creaky wooden floor of the shrieking shack, wrapped in his blue
torn blanket as he waited for Poppy . 
The detransformation had come early that morning, the boy watching the stars pass overhead
for nearly an hour as he tried his best to cast little spells over his bleeding wounds.
It was May 23rd, the moon was bad the night before and according to the hushed tone of
Poppy and Minerva as they rushed over Airakus’ s ‘sleeping’ body , he would be bed ridden
for at least four days.
He had lost over a pint of blood, closer to two.
“Mind me getting some breakfast? I'm starved!” Airakus exclaimed, yelling as loud as he
could towards the whispering adults who were in conversation with Snape at the doorway to
Poppy’ s office. His throat burned as he did so, and he swallowed hard before being
interrupted by screeches from Madame Pomfrey who was suddenly very aware of his
presence.
“Merlin, you're awake!” She exclaimed as she rushed over towards him, grabbing vials of
strange liquids and patches of plaster on her way , stumbling over her own feet.
She sat on the edge of Airakus’ s bed, giving him potions and explaining to him quietly what
had happened, her face paler than nearly headless Nick, her eyes silent and dark, a foreign
look on Poppy's face.
“There was an attack last night, on an order mission…” Poppy began after she had listed
every cut, scrape, scratch and gash Airakus already knew he had given himself in his rage
ridden night of terror .
‘Great’ he thought, merely looking at Madame Pomfrey with wide eyes, ‘everyone was dead
and it was more than likely all his fault’.
“Nobody was killed, but Remus was in a state this morning, he’ s waiting for you at the order
but as you know Airkaus you can't leave the school in this sta…..”Airakus had leapt from his bed faster than Poppy could finish her sentence and was quickly
tugging his clothes on over his plaster ridden body , his white boxers the only thing remaining
from the torcherous night before.
“Airakus you can’ t leave, if anything were to happen…” Mcgonagol began, Airakus shaking
his head as he reached for his wand.
“Rosier! Mr .Malfoy and Mr .Finnigan are outside waiting to see you. W ould you like me to
tell them you have fled the school in an ur gency to go visit Lupin who is also bedridden at the
moment?” Snape snapped, Airakus pausing as his mind racked, his throat sore, his voice too
hoarse and painful to understand as he spoke.
“Is Remus alright?” Airakus asked, though it sounded more like a struggling cough than
words.
He looked down.
The bandage was tight on his throat. It seemed as though he had tried to behead himself in
the night.
Airakus just sat back down, Poppy tugging his jumper back of f as the boy sat on the edge of
his bed staring at the three professors.
Airakus was rarely scared, but in that moment fear was the only thing he felt.
 
The week or so before the moon had been of utmost perfection.  
Even if he and Draco were in a standof fish state, he knew it would pass eventually .
Remus had written to him a few days ago, apologising for the letters he had sent apparently
never arriving at the school given their owls were continuously getting lost or returning in fits
of panic.
Airakus thought everything was getting better . He and Seamus were planning their summer
like madmen, Airakus staying up all night reading with Hermione in the common room like
he did in third year .
“It'll be back to normal in a day or so if you take all your potions and stay in bed early . Now
would you like to see your friends now?” Poppy asked as she stroked Airakus’ s hair like a
grandmother putting her kid to bed.
Airakus looked towards the door and then back at the woman.  
He shook his head.
“I’ll tell them you're still sleeping then, rest, they’ll be back later tonight no doubt.” Minerva
nodded as she crossed the hall, but that reassurance of his friend's return was the last thing
Airakus wanted to hear .He wished he were home, with Remus in wales.  
He wished he were dead as he drank potion after potion, swallowing far more painful than a
thousand fire ants biting him at once.
Airakus had never wanted to be normal more in that moment than he had his entire life, and
he had wished and prayed to be normal far more than one would assume.
Airakus’ s day was painful, the reminder of the W erewolf he buried deep inside him springing
up each time he opened his mouth to laugh at something.  
Eventually he stopped trying, turning over and tugging his curtains closed as he let the tears
run down his face aimlessly , like water on a window .
The rain that followed that afternoon was fitting, and the dazey sleep he found himself in
after drinking the hundreth potion that day filled the empty space in his stomach the choked
tears had left.
Chapter End Notes
I am SO SORR Y I completely for got to post this chapter , its been an open tab finished
for like almost two weeks!!!! Anyways, HAPPY BIR THDA Y HARR Y POTTER
(posting on July 31st) and happy end of summer school to me.  
Ill try and post more frequently now that Im finished my course, trust there's good
chapters ahead!  
THANKYOU FOR ALL THE HITS AND KUDOS IL Y GUYS SMFriends.
Chapter Summary
Bearded by his mates, Airakus's first day rotting in the hospital wing. Remus, Luna,
Hermione, Draco and Pansy , etcetera.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The midnight gleam of stars and the moon woke him up that night. His eyes adjusted to the
light quickly , a side ef fect of his beastly condition.
What followed was a sudden snif fle, one of a sick toddler or a crying adult at their dying
child's bedside.  
Airakus turned to see her , bleary and delirious as he was.
Her hair was tight, curled in magical ways, her eyes round and warm. She looked older than
how he removed her in a way , but she was still Mary either way , old or young.
She was dressed in a yellow top, dark jeans hanging around her legs loosely as she held the
boy's hand tightly .
“You look just like him, you know? Both of them really , Evan and Remus in a way ..." Mary
chuckled, Airakus opening his mouth before suddenly being over aware of the pain in his
throat.
“It should be alright now , Pomfrey said a day or so until you would be able to talk,” Mary
continued, Airakus opening his mouth again before letting out a small cry .
“Are you really here?” He asked, his voice hoarse and scratchy , like nails on a chalkboard.
“Only for a day or so, here to see you, to see your father . I needed to make sure he was being
properly taken care of, Sirius never could keep a good eye on Remus.” Mary added, her voice
cracking, Airakus smiling slightly as he squeezed his aunt's hand warmly even though he
found it suspicious that she was here.
“Now I know your throat hurts so if not then I understand, but do tell me everything?” She
asked dreamily , as if she were a long lost friend learning of the boy drama and the fights at
her old school.
So Airakus, through the pain and through the scratchiness, told Mary each and every thing
that had ever happened to him since he started school. Every fight, every meal, every holiday .The good, the bad, the ugly . Everything his tired brian could supply poured out of his mouth
like honey as the woman sat, legs crossed, hand resting on the bed as Airakus rambled.
Airakus woke up the next morning and Mary was gone, the chair empty . 
It was as if she had never been there, and Airakus decided in that moment that he’d rather
think she had been there than to have someone tell him dif ferently , so as he smiled at Poppy
and greeted her with his words for the first time in two days, he didn't mention his visitor .
“YOU ARSEHOLE!” Seamus screamed as he stormed into the hospital wing. It was half past
seven, not nearly late enough for Seamus to be in full uniform, fed and already angry . Yet
here he was, fuming, red as an apple.
If it were a cartoon, steam would be blowing from his monkey like ears.
“Goodmorning to you too Seamus!” Airakus replied as he spread jam across his toast, taking
a large bite. It was the first solid food he had eaten since before he moon, his throat finally
calm enough to swallow .
Thanks to wizard stuf f, the plaster was already gone, and all that remained of Airakus’ s rage
induced scratches to his throat was a hoarse voice, sore swallow and a jagged red line like all
the others from that night.  
Though this one didn't need to scab over Poppy having done some crazy thing with plant
water and a healing spell that made it scar over faster , the woman knowing that a jagged
flaking scab across Airakus's adams apple wouldn't be very subtle.
“Why didn't you let me in last night! I thought you were dead!? Thought they were dragging
your lifeless body of f to the mor gue without letting me say goodbye!” Seamus exclaimed as
he hit Airakus teasingly , the boy sighing in response.
“We don't have a mor gue Seamus, this is a school.” Airakus replied, Seamus scof fing as he
sat back down in the chair which dream Mary had been sitting in the night before.
“We might as well with all the bull that happens around here!” Seamus muttered, causing
Airakus to laugh, which led him to cough slightly .
Seamus paused, watching the boy in slight nerves.  
“Was it bad?” He asked, Airakus shrugging.  
“I survived, should be fine!” He replied, Seamus smiling slightly before more screaming
filled the wing.
“AIRAKUS GA TSBY ROSIER! WHA T IN MERLIN DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING
NOT LETTING US IN LAST NIGHT?!” Hermione screamed even louder than Seamus had
as she, Ron and Harry stormed into the hospital wing in a row , like a clown car or something
comically idiotic.
Airakus merely rolled his eyes and held two fingers to his chin, pretending it was a gun,
Seamus laughing.“Poppy said I had to rest! Right Madame Pomfrey?” Airakus asked, Poppy , who was half
asleep at her desk just sent the boy a thumbs up as he head lolled back down, Seamus sand
Airakus sharing a snicker as Hermione sat at the end of his bed, Ron and Harry both
surrounding the boy as they shared the most rough ladish hug they could with the boy in such
a fragile state.
“When does she say you can leave?'' Ron asked, which was always the first thing the boy
asked when Airakus was seriously injured after a moon, nothing else crossing his mind but
the long nights of Airakus being up and agitated that followed his release from the hospital
wing, silencing spells and locking himself in the bathroom.
“Two days more of something, dunno. Think you can get my notes for me Mione?” Airakus
asked the girl who nodded.  
“Of course, want me to go down to your creatures as well or…” Hermione began, unsure of
how Airakus assumed the girl would get notes from a class as he wasn't in, especially since
Hagrid had just returned.
“Just get Parkinson to do it, she's the only one in that class who really takes notes,” Airakus
waved his hand in dismissal, Harry and Ron sharing a furrowed glance, both ignoring the
comment given Airakus wasn't well enough to leave the hospital let alone ar gue with them
about something stupid like Pansy .
The door to the hospital wing opened again, at around half past seven, the four other
Gryffindors all now joking around and talking to Airakus, trying to keep the clearly
uncomfortable boy distracted.
There stood Neville, whose eyes were wide before Luna and Ginny burst into the hospital
wing behind him, Luna running over to the bed ur gently , shoving in between Harry and Ron
who cast her strange glances as the girl knelt slightly over Airakus.
“Are you alright?” She asked, her voice airly and dreamy as per usual.
“Yea, have you heard about Remus?” He asked, Luna shaking her head.
“I can ask Dray , I doubt he would know if they haven't told you yet.” Luna shook her head,
the silence surrounding them enough to make Airakus freeze slightly , talking about Draco in
such a casual manner .
“I'm sure he's fine really , Dad said it was just some mission gone wrong. Remus is probably
just hurt from the moon...” Luna trailed of f with a smile, Airakus’ s uplifted demeanour the
others had worked to enforce diminishing at the thought of Remus rotting alone in a bed at
grimmauld place, injured and alone.
Airakus hadn't been that homesick since before christmas, but at that moment he wanted to be
in W ales more than he had ever wanted anything else before in his entire life.
“It's about time you all got to class!” Madame Pomfrey interrupted, her voice light yet stern.
The children all faced towards the woman before nodding of f, muttering goodbyes to Airakus
while Hermione and Luna stood at the foot of his bed."Ill write Dad again, see if he's heard anything new alright? T ell me if you find out..." Luna
sighed, Airakus nodding to the girl who skipped of f after Ginny , AIrkaus turning to
Hermione.
“Get Draco to take my notes, Parkinson won't know how I like them.” Airakus sighed to the
girl, Hermione nodding with a small smile to Airakus before coming round the side of the
bed and planting a small kiss on his cheek.
“I'll be back with his lunch Madame Pomfrey!” Hermione smiled as she spun on her heel and
left, Airakus groaning slightly as he shoved his pillow into his face.
“Feeling better?” Poppy asked, raising an eyebrow . 
She knew that Airakus loved his friends, but being stuck in bed for two days was enough to
make him restless, getting rounded up by all his mates just for them to leave him for class
was basically the same thing as being benched during a quidditch match.
“I will once he comes by ,” Airakus muttered, Poppy smiling slightly as she handed Airakus
another potion, the boy drinking it without question.
Chapter End Notes
Ill be posting a few chapters today :0He likes taking notes.
Chapter Summary
Hospital W ing, Hermione, nots, Draco, blah blah blah > short chapter
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus woke up again around noon, Hermione sitting beside his bed, tip of her quill in her
mouth as she read something in her notebook.
There was a plate full of chicken and potatoes on Airakus’ s nightstand, the boy sitting up
quickly to reach for it before falling back from the dizziness, his throat scratching, whatever
potions Poppy had given him that morning for the pain having worn of f.
“Mione” Airakus muttered, his voice scratchy as it had been last night.
Hermione raised an eyebrow , closing her book when she saw Airakus, quickly handing the
boy a glass of a dark potion which he drank quickly , the cold liquid curing his soreness as if it
had never been there at all.
“Better?” Hermione asked after a moment, Airakus nodding as he grabbed the plate, sitting
up straighter , crossing his legs and facing Hermione, the girl shaking her head stifling her
disbelief.
“Bed ridden really? Y ou seem fine to me!” She teased.  
“I'm a tank, can't break me!” Airakus teased, grinning as he stuf fed a spoonful of potatoes
into his mouth, chewing slowly as he enjoyed the warm food.
“I got all your notes from classes this morning, haven't talked to Malfoy yet I'll catch him
after lunch. W ant me to get your notes for potions?” Hermione asked, Airakus taking the
three papers from Hermione and looking them over quickly , looking back up to the girl.
“Nah, just get Draco to do them,” Airakus replied, Hermione furrowing her eyebrows.  
“Are you sure? It's a lot of notes for one person?”  
“Mione, you just did two sets of notes for four classes, I'm sure he can manage potions and
creatures.” Airakus chuckled as he stuf fed his mouth with food.
Hermione scrunched her nose bridge and looked away for a minute, chewing on the end of
her quill.  
Airakus never spoke of it with anyone other than Seamus and Harry , but Draco and Hermione
had always, and remained to be in a war for best in their year . Hermione had always gotten
perfect grades, but Draco was better in Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts.Airakus knew Hermione well; he knew she would rather do everything than ask for help. He
found it annoying sometimes, endearing at others, worrying some.  
Right now it was getting on his nerves.
“Well, I don't want to ask him to take extra for two classes, I wouldn't want him to get angry
with me.” Hermione added with a small nod, Airakus shaking his head as he swallowed
another mouthful of his lunch.
“Mione, he wouldn't mind.” Airakus replied.  
“It's just rather…” Hermione began, Airakus scof fing. 
“He likes taking notes.” Airakus snapped a bit, looking up to see Hermione with a strange
look on her face.
“Don't worry , just tell him I asked him to alright?” Airakus asked rather snippily , Hermione
nodding as she closed her book, gathered her things and left, sour from Airakus’ s tone.
“No kiss goodbye this time?” Poppy raised an eyebrow , Airbus turning to see the medi witch
changing bedsheets a few cots away .
“Stuf f it.” Airakus muttered in response.  
“Not very friendly today are we?” Poppy replied with a shake of her head, crossing the room
to Airakus.
“He’ll come this afternoon, you know that.” Poppy smiled, running her hand through
Airakus’ s hair , brushing the boy's loose strands away from his eyes.  
The boy turned over , pulling his blanket over his shoulders.
“Can I have another dreamless sleep now?” He asked, Poppy disappearing into her of fice
without a word to fetch the potion.
Chapter End Notes
SO! Ill be of fline for the next two weeks so no posting chapters....BUT I'll hopefully
post at least another one today and or one tomorrow before I leave. Ill be writing the
whole time I'm gone and plan to have chapters lined up for when I get wifi on the way
back, so trust I'm not leaving everyone in the dust (I say as if I haven't disappeared for
months with zero explanation).
Anyways.  
I NEED OPINIONS, do we A kill Sirius of f or B find a way to keep him alive and still
have all that angst with Harry in sixth year? Leave a comment or DM me on T umblr!!!!
ANYW AYS THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH FOR EVER YTHING OMG!!!!!Domesticated
Chapter Summary
Hospital W ing, dreamy encounters, Draco Malfoy and a close call.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus was in and out of sleep for the rest of the day , not sure if he was dreaming or awake
as he heard people muttering over him.  
He thought he saw Albus, but knew that he must've still been asleep given the man was on
the run from the ministry .
He woke up and rubbed his eyes, the hall lit only by torchlight, the sun setting across the hills
outside the windows. He rolled onto his stomach and groaned, taking in a breath before
sitting up, tossing his legs over the edge of his bed.
“Sleep well?” Draco asked, his voice like an angel as Airakus turned, seeing the platinum
haired boy sitting on the end of his cot, potions textbook open in his lap, box of chocolate
chip cookies beside him.
Airakus watched as Draco took a bite from a cookie, the Gryf findor snatching the sweet from
the other boy's hand and stuf fing it in his mouth, Draco staring at him with raised eyebrows.
“What was that for?” He asked, teasingly of fended as Airakus shook his head, swallowing
the cookie.  
“You didn't come see me yesterday .” Airakus replied, Draco opening his mouth to speak
before closing it again.
“Potter was stationed outside, pacing. Me and Theo tried, we really did I swear!” Draco
defended himself, Airakus shaking his head as he kicked the boy lightly .
“I'm only kidding, I knew there was a reason.” Airakus replied, smiling softly at Draco who
went a bit red, looking back down at his homework.
“I got your notes for you. Had to fend of f Weasel by the way .” Draco added after a minute's
silence, Airakus drinking a few potions Poppy brought when she saw the boy was awake.
“What do you mean? Thanks,” Airakus muttered, taking the papers from Draco, tossing them
into the pile with the others as Malfoy sucked in a breath, sighing deeply as he closed his
book and sat up straighter .“Outside of Potions, Potter and Granger left, W easley asked me why I was taking extra notes
and I just told him it was none of his business, I don't think he believed me though,” Draco
sighed, Airakus nodding slightly .
“I think I might need to tell Ron soon, before he figures it out that is. He’ s more likely to tell
everyone if he catches us together…” Airakus sighed, Draco shaking his head slightly as he
stifled his laughter .
“Don't worry about that Akis, just rest, you nearly beheaded yourself two days ago.” Draco
said with another sigh, Airakus reaching for Draco's hand, the pale boy letting Airakus play
with his rings and slender fingers as he continued his homework, neither boy saying much of
anything as the night carried on, the castle growing darker .
Airakus woke up to a startled squeak, the boy's eyes opening groggily before closing again,
breathing in the fluf fy mop of blonde hair his chin was resting on.
“Rosier…” Draco mumbled.  
“Yea?” Airakus replied dreamily , tugging the boy closer .
“Seamus just walked in here…” Draco added, Airakus scof fing as he shuf fled under the
covers more, the boy cold from the bitter morning.
“Pish posh, it's just Sea.” Airakus replied, Draco pulling away from Airakus slowly .
“No…no Rosier I dont think it is….” He began, being cut of f by a loud shout.
“PLEASE MADAME POMFREY! YOU DIDN'T LET US IN LAST NIGHT! LET US IN
THIS MORNING A T LEAST!” Harry was ar guing, both Draco and Airakus springing apart
and tugging on their jumpers which the boys had more than likely discarded during the night,
Draco rushing around confused and alarmed.
There was nowhere to run.
“Mr.Potter , Mr.Rosier is sleeping! I cannot let you in there!” Poppy ar gued, the sound of
Harry and the others growing closer as Airakus and Draco grew more panicked.
“What do we do?!” Draco whispered, arms out like a chicken, holding his wand tightly .
“Quick under the bed!” Airakus replied, Draco ducking under the cot as Airakus jumped back
onto the bed, pulling the blanket over his head just as Harry ripped back the curtain.
“Wakey wakey Aira!” Harry began teasingly , ripping the sheet of f of Airakus to reveal the
boy fully clothed, wide awake.  
“Morning!” Airakus grinned nervously , Harry furrowing his eyebrows, opening his mouth to
speak before Hermione, Ron and Dean were over top of him, rambling about something
unintelligible.
Seamus stood on the other side of the bed, looking around with furrowed eyebrows before he
saw Airakus, his eyebrows shooting up.Airakus furrowed his brow at the boy , following Seamus’ s gaze to see that the end of
Airakus’ s bed was littered with Draco's books, papers and homework left from the night
before.
“Why are you dressed in bed?” Ron asked. “Are you coming back today?!”
“Erm, Poppy?” Airakus asked, Madame Pomfrey turning to the boy with a soft smile along
with a nod.  
“If you take it easy , yes I'll allow it.” She replied, Airakus turning back to the others with
raised eyebrows.  
“I guess so?” He said, the others not questioning the strangeness, far too pleased by this news
to think much of anything.
“Well, breakfasts already over , but we’ll bring you lunch, then we can pack you up after
class?” Seamus asked, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows.
“Why not now?” Airakus asked, confused slightly . If he was allowed to leave, he wanted to
leave.
“Do you want to go to class?” Ron asked with a small smirk, Airkaus’ s eyebrows raising as
he groaned.  
“Awe, back still aches, better stay until dinner Poppy!” Airakus yelped, Madame Pomfrey
shaking her head as she disappeared into the backroom to get more bedsheets.
“We better head to class, it's nearly eight…” Dean muttered to Seamus, whose eyebrows shot
up, the boy scrambling to grab a few things he had dropped onto Airakus’ s bed, the others
joining his rushed panic.
“We’ll be back at lunch Aira, feel better!” Hermione kissed him on the cheek again, the
second time in the past few days, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows and sharing a strange look
of confusion with Harry and getting a glare from Ron before all his friends were gone.
“Is it safe?” Draco whispered, his blonde ruf fled head sticking out from beneath the sheet
covered bed.
“Yea” Airakus replied with a chuckle as he watched Draco stand and brush of f his clothes,
running a hand through his hair as he sat on the edge of Airakus’ s bed.
“Why do girls like to kiss you so much? It's obnoxious.” Draco scof fed, Airakus rolling his
eyes as he tucked a piece of the boys hair behind his pale ear .
“Jealous.” He teased.  
“Well you are mine after all” Draco replied with a sneer , Airakus feeling his face burn as
Draco sighed, turning to face him.
“I'll be back for fifth? I'll skip creatures today , Hagrids out again anyways,” Draco added,
Airakus sighing with a small smile to the boy .“Stupid girls.” Draco scof fed once more, pecking Airakus on the cheek hard, Airakus going
red like an idiot as Draco left the hospital wing, waving a sweet goodbye to Poppy .
“He does know he isn't in uniform right?” Poppy asked from her desk where she sat lurking.  
Airakus merely scof fed, laughing a bit as he reached for his textbook, knowing he’d have a
stack of homework by the end of that day .
Chapter End Notes
WOOOPS I didn't post for like a month, my bad chat! Ill try and get a good schedule
back but I ended up staying at my cottage longer than expected so I couldn't post :p  
I've got a lot written ahead so I'll try and post more than one chapter today!!!Chapter 124
Chapter Summary
Hospital W ing and a plan to head for grimmauld
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The other Gryf findors came back at lunch, bringing treacle tarts and stories of Seamus
exploding things in transfiguration.
Airakus slept through fourth period, being awoken by a cold hand on his cheek, Airakus’ s
eyes springing open to see Draco standing above him, chocolate in hand along with his
homework and a detention slip.
“No uniform,” Draco sighed, waving the slip before stuf fing it into his robe pocket. Airakus
laughed as he took a square of chocolate, popping it into his mouth before sitting up.
“How are you feeling?” Draco asked after a moment of silence, Airakus shrugging slightly as
he stared at the high ceilings.
“Better , I just want to go home and make sure everyone's alright,” Airakus replied, Draco
nodding slightly as he chewed his chocolate, the crunch louder than a car horn to Airakus’ s
sensitive ears.
“I could ask Professor Mcgonagol to let me bring you tonight? I know we can't really leave,
but I'm sure Poppy could sneak us through her fireplace…” Draco of fered, Airakus’ s eyes
widening as he nodded.
“Would you please? I'll die if I can't see Llued soon…” Airakus asked, Draco smiling as he
tucked a strand of Airakus's hair away from his eyes.
“I'll go ask after class, that'll give the rats time to come see you,” Draco added with a
sarcastic sneer . Airakus couldn't help himself, he laughed before rolling his eyes, smiling
brightly at the boy who was relighting the dimming candle within his soul.
He was tired, physically and mentally , but Draco, Draco made him feel awake all over again.
 
The slytherin left soon after , claiming he was going to detention early , but Airakus thought he
may be going to bar gain with Minerva now .Seamus came by minutes later , not bothering to say a word before he had plopped himself on
the bed beside Airakus, taking the boy's chocolate bar and taking a huge bite like he was a
rabid animal.
“Psycho.” Airakus sneered as he took back his chocolate bar , inspecting the bite mark cutting
unevenly into the perfect squares.  
“Says you.” Seamus replied in a snicker , the boys laughing slightly with mumbled curses at
one another .
“Where's everyone else?” Airakus asked after a few moments of uncontrolled laughter ,
Seamus sitting up with a sigh as he ran a hand through his rather long hair .
“Still in class, Umbridge held them all captive, I escaped to the loo and didn't go back.”
Seamus scof fed. 
“Good on ya!” Airakus replied, casting a toying glance at the short boy .
“Think I'll get detention?” Seamus asked, Airakus shaking his head.  
“Nah, just avoid her at dinner tonight,” Airakus laughed, Seamus scof fing in response.  
“Might skip dinner , stay here until you can leave, we said we’d take you back after class eh?”
Seamus asked in response, eyebrows slightly furrowed as he reminded the boy of their plans.
Airakus paused and thought for a moment.
He very much wanted to be back in the dorms, but at the same time, he wanted to go see
Remus with Draco, and sneaking out would be harder from Gryf findor T ower than from the
Hospital W ing.
“Right yea, as long as the hoard doesn't follow you you can stay ,” Airakus chuckled, though
he was staring of f into space, trying to think of a plan to get to Grimmauld without anyone
noticing he's gone.  
Which on the first night back from the hospital wing, was pretty much impossible for
Airakus.
“You alright mate?” Seamus asked, Airakus pausing as he turned to the boy , his best friend,
his theoretical brother .
“Draco was gonna try and get us to Grimmauld tonight, so I could see Remus…you heard
what happened right? Luna told you?” Airakus asked, Seamus nodding as he sat up straighter ,
furrowing his eyebrows.  
He made that face that he had made since he was young, the one where his lips get thin and
his eyebrows low , the serious face.
“I'll distract everyone if you need to slip out, or I can tell them Poppy said you needed to stay
another night?” Seamus of fered, Airakus pausing once more before he nodded.  
“Nah I'll just sneak in after we get back, tell everyone Poppy let me go late.” Airakus nodded,
more so explaining the plan to himself than Seamus.
Seamus nodded, his face relaxing once more as he gripped Airakus’ s forearm ladishly .“That a boy , now , fancy helping me with my history? I hate the goblin revolution more than I
hate sleeping with socks on.” Seamus scof fed, rolling his eyes as he reached for his bag,
Airakus shaking his head as he stifled his laughter , sitting up in the bed so he could finish the
boys homework for him.
 
Seamus stayed through dinner , the sun set blinding the boys through the lar ge windows as
Seamus seemingly waited for Poppy to send him away , Airakus waiting for Draco to show
up.
Airakus wasn't sure how , but Seamus had managed to fend of f every single other student who
came by the hospital wing, including Harry , Ron and Hermione who had all come with arms
wide ready to carry Airakus’ s shit back to the dorms.
“Mr.Finnigan, do you plan to stay here inevitably or are you going back upstairs anytime
soon?” Poppy asked after Seamus and Airakus had burst into another laughing-crying fit,
only a few minutes apart from the last one.
“Waiting for Malfoy to get here,” Seamus replied through his snickers.
“Here he is now! Goodnight Seamus!” Poppy smiled at Draco who was standing a few feet in
front of the closing door , holding an odd looking bag, his eyes wide at the sight of Seamus.
“How'd you nick that!?” Airakus exclaimed, Draco shushing him as he crossed the wing
quickly , nodding to Madame Pomfrey as quickly as he could.  
Seamus sat beside Airakus, watching as Draco shoved the dark blanket into the boy's arms.
“Luna, don't ask how , I honestly don't know .” Draco added, Seamus’ s eyebrows going up
rather quickly once he realised what Draco had brought them.
“How'd you get that much floo powder you snake!?” Seamus snarled, Airakus kicking him,
the boy rolling his eyes as he stood.
“I was only joking, no need to assault me you wanker .” Seamus snickered, Airakus rolling his
eyes as he shooed his best friend away .
“See you later?” Seamus asked as he turned to leave, Airakus nodding, both boys ignoring
the sigh Madame Pomfrey gave them as Seamus turned and left the hospital wing, Draco still
standing apprehensively looking from AIrakus to Poppy .
He seemed worried, or anxious, or all of the above.
“We’ve got an hour or so before Mcgonagol wants us both back ...Madame Pomfrey , is it
ready?” Draco asked, Poppy nodding slightly , waving the boys over .
Airakus followed the Slytherin into Poppy's of fice, a place he had been many times, though
he had never really looked at.There were photographs everywhere, a lot like Umbridge's cat ridden hell hole, only Poppy’ s
pictures were all of her family . 
Pictures of her during her schooling years, moving pictures of her family , her brother , Minnie
and her at their house in the English countryside, pictures of Airakus and Remus, Remus and
Sirius with James and Peter when they couldn't have been older than twelve.
Airakus’ s attention was snapped back to the other two when Draco grabbed his arm and
tugged him slightly .
“Are you ready?” the blonde boy asked, Airakus’ s eyebrows furrowing slightly before he saw
the floo powder now in Draco's hand, the fireplace gate open beside them.
“Yea, ready , let's go.” Airakus nodded, glancing at Madame Pomfrey who had a sorrowful
look on her face before he and Draco disappeared into the green roaring flames of her
fireplace.
Chapter End Notes
Idk why I promise to post more and then for get!!! I'm sorry IL Y guys SM and I can't
believe how many people have read this, I really need to post more chapters!!!!Fenrir Greyback
Chapter Summary
Airakus and Draco go to Grimmauld Place, Airakus finds out what happened during the
full moon.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
As Airakus’ s eyes adjusted to the light he was positive they had floo'd to an abandoned
fireplace in the woods.  
Upon further inspection, he realized they were in the third-floor drawing room, the fireplace
sitting behind them, small green sparks popping up from it.
“Why aren't we downstairs?” Airkaus asked, turning to see Draco, paler than normal, staring
at the door .
Airakus turned as well, towards whatever was scaring the ruthless boy , and saw the stuf fed
head of an old house elf, collecting dust in the unused room.
“That's horrible.” Draco declared as if Airkaus didn't already know it.
“And you wonder why Sirius ran away?” Airakus muttered in response, shoving the door
open and peering up and down the hall, the hair on the back of his neck standing as if he were
in danger , not as if he were home.
“Rosier , I’m not sure if I like this…” Draco called in a hushed tone, Airakus pausing at the
top of the stairs, the dull glow of the kitchen light flooding the main floor hallway .
“Me neither ,” Airakus paused. “But we’ve got to find out what happened….I won't sleep If
we leave now ,” Airakus muttered more to himself, Draco nodding slightly as he swallowed
his nerves, the two walking down the creaky stairs slowly , Airakus ahead of Draco who was
practically shaking at the eeriness of it all.
It was rather ironic, given he lived in a house quite similar to this one. One that was filled
with dead stuf fed things and made the hair stand up on the arms of the most dangerous
wizards in the world.  
Malfoy Manor , surely , was more frightening than number 12 Grimmauld Place.
Airakus stopped on the landing that opened into the second floor . The usually relatively busy
house, filled with red-haired students yelling at each other and angry order members storming
around was currently a ghost town, not a soul in sight, not a light on other than the one from
the kitchen.“Airakus, get your wand out…” Draco muttered, Airakus turning to face the boy , wand
already in hand.  
He merely raised his eyebrows, Draco nodding slightly as the two continued to creep down
the stairs, Airakus’ s eyebrows shot straight down, Draco's head on a constant swivel around
the hall as more and more of the entryway came into view .
The silence was overwhelming, Airakus peering down the corridor and peaking into the side
rooms, not a person in sight.
“Where is everyone?” Draco asked, back to Airakus, the two seemingly forming some sort of
protection circle around each other .
“I think they're in a meeting, they have to be, there's gotta be a charm on the door ,” Airkaus
whispered back, nodding to the kitchen door which was slightly ajar , the strip of light
illuminating half of Draco's face, Airakus shaking his head as he turned back towards the
door.
He stopped closer , wand gripped tightly in his hand, his heart racing, his head pounding, this
amount of stress not doing well with his freshly healed wounds both physically and mentally .
“Is there any…” Draco began to ask in a whisper , Airakus shushing him as he leaned closer
towards the door , the murmuring sound of voices covered by a mulfato charm filling
Airakus’ s werewolf ears.
“There are people in there,” Airakus muttered to Draco whose eyebrows furrowed deeper .
“How can you tell?” He asked in response.  
“I can hear them,” Airakus replied, Draco began to speak, but Airakus had already began to
peek inside, and within a moment he had sprung into the dining room, wand out threateningly
as Draco rushed in after him.
“EXPELLIARMUS!” Someone shouted, Airakus shoving Draco back out of the room as the
spell went flying in between the pair , right past the tip of the blonde boy's nose.  
It had been a powerful one, one that would have done more than disarm.
Airakus turned and with a swift shout, leaped at whoever had cast the spell, wand tucked up
his sleeve, punches flying before he was ripped right out of his running stance, Remus
holding him back from Sirius who was sitting at the end of the table, eyes wide, paler than
Draco was as he stuck his head back into the room.
“WHA T THE FUCK!?” Airakus screamed.  
“SINCE WHEN COULD YOU LEA VE THE SCHOOL?!” Sirius exclaimed, rushing
towards Remus and Airakus who were standing to the side of the table, Airakus still
wrestling with Remus trying to get out of the man's grasp.
“SINCE WHEN W AS THIS AN ABANDONED HOUSE? WE THOUGHT YOU WERE
ALL DEAD!” Airakus yelled back, finally shaking Remus whose fresh scar across his arm
was visible through his shirt, his hair ruf fled, his moustache bushier than Airakus had ever
seen it before.Sirius looked dif ferent as well, his hair shorter , yet still long, his beard scruf fy and unkempt
which was quite unlike the clean man.  
Both of them looked drained, red rings under their eyes from lack of sleep and abundant
tears.
“What's all this noise about?” Moody huf fed as he hobbled in from the drawing room, his eye
tracing the scene in front of him, Draco at the doorway , Sirius and Remus on either side of
Airakus, the rest of the room empty .
“Oh, great, the kids are home.” Moody scof fed, Airakus glaring at the man before he turned
quickly .
“What's going on here!?” Airakus asked, the room remaining silent. “Someone tell me right
now.”
“Nothing's going on, everyone's out on missions…” Moody scof fed, Airkaus standing still,
fuming as he turned to Remus.
“Everyone told me something had happened, that there had been an attack during a mission.”
Airakus reiterated, Remus, pausing as his eyes welled.
He turned to Sirius who shared that ghastly expression, both men turning to face Moody who
merely shook his head.  
Draco was silent, Airakus’ s pulse was strong in his ears.
“There was an attack during a mission ... .on the night of the moon, and well….” Remus
paused again, taking a rather deep breath as Airakus whipped his head around to face the man
with a drained expression.
“Was it him…?” Airakus asked his voice cracking, Remus nodding solemnly .
Airakus nearly sobbed, but he couldn't let himself cry . 
He stood there, back straight, head up as he turned to Moody .
“Was anyone bit?” He asked, continuing.  
Remus shook his head, turning and stepping towards the wall, Airkaus could hear him
holding back the sobs.
Sirius’ s eyes were dark, his head low as he pulled out a chair and nodded to it.
“Sit down boys,” He said meekly , Moody huf fing as he turned and left the room, Draco
remained silent as Airakus turned from person to person, confused and afraid.
“What? Why?” Airakus retorted, the slight whimper of Remus’ s sobs filling the empty room
as the man sucked in a deep breath.
“Who died?” Draco asked, his voice low .
They both knew that was the case, the silent sobs, the secretiveness of the whole thing.
Somebody was dead, somebody the boys knew .“Nobody from the order…it wasn't anyone you boys knew…” Sirius replied, Airakus’ s
eyebrows furrowing as he turned to Remus.
“Lleaud what happened?” He asked, aware that Sirius wasn't going to say it outright.
“Caius A very, one of Re…” Remus paused, taking in another breath as he glanced at Sirius.
“An old friend…his son…..” Remus shook his head, blinking his tear -ridden eyes dry .
“His son was like you when they found him…basically in half, he was only two or three we
think….he didn't make it back to St.Mungos, died on the way .” Remus finished speaking,
Airakus standing stif fly in the middle of the dining room, ears ringing.
“Who took him back? T o St.Mungos I mean,” Airakus asked after a moment of deadly
silence.
“Bill and Charlie said they couldn't leave him there,” Sirius responded, Airakus laughing
slightly , causing both men to falter , Draco’ s eyebrows furrowing in concern.
The three watched as he laughed, leaning on the table, running his hands down his face as he
felt his ridged scars.  
Bill and Charlie.  
They had done it for him, done it so that someone could tell Airkaus they had tried.  
But it was too late.
Fenrir Greyback had seemingly risen from the dead, and he had tried and failed to create
another fragile young boy , one born from darkness, saved by light.
Airakus shuddered slightly as his laughter turned sour , his eyes stinging as he looked toward
Remus.
“He’ s going to find me, isn't he?” Airakus asked, Remus’ s eyes welling at the mere sight of
his son.
He nodded, and Airakus felt his stomach churn.  
Hogwarts was heaven on earth, he wondered for how long.
Chapter End Notes
WOOOOPS didnt post or edit this for two months...sorry guys!!!! Ive taken everyone's
comments into consideration and have decided not to kill Sirius of f so youre
WELCOME because I was on the fence about it ngl.  
ANYW AYS, hope you like the chapter .Mary Poppins
Chapter Summary
Return to Hogwarts, shower , childhood talk and Fenrir Greyback.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“Boys! Back so soon?” Poppy asked after her fireplace had erupted into green flames, Draco
and Airakus stumbling out, Airakus' ears red, his eyes heavy , Draco rushing after him as the
boy ran past the confused witch.
“Airakus! Airakus slow down! W e can't get caught out of bed. Lord knows what she'll do to
you!” Draco called after him, finally getting Airakus to stop just outside the doors to the
hallway . Poppy watched from her room as Draco caught up to the angry boy , her arms
crossed in worry .
“Let me cast disillusionment on you, I can walk you back to the tower .” Draco began, pulling
out his wand which he had stuf fed in his trouser pocket.
“Let me sleep downstairs with you tonight? I'll sleep on the couch. I just can't go see them
all. Seamus will want to know what happened, and I can't….” Airakus began, his voice
cracking as the sobs welled up in his throat. Draco nodded slowly as he caught Airakus's
gaze, holding the boy's eyes in his own.
Draco cast the charm without another word, a slight foggy haze, the only visible
reminiscence of Airakus ever being there.
“Let me get your stuf f, then we’ll go.” Draco nodded, Airakus merely standing there as he
watched the boy swirl his wand over Airakus’ s messy cot, collecting the books and jumpers
into a pile, which suddenly shrunk into a small bag, Draco stuf fing it into his pocket.
“What's that spell?” Airakus asked when Draco returned, the Slytherin sighing.
“If you paid attention in transfiguration, you'd know it.” Draco retorted, Airakus beginning to
protest before he was shushed, the Gryf findor following the prefect into the dimly lit halls,
the sound of his blood rushing through his head, louder than the cricket-filled spring night.
Airakus trailed after Draco, the blonde boy strolling down the halls, head high while he
nodded to furrowed professors and wandering students.
Airakus watched in silence as Draco gave two third-years dentition and scowled at a group of
older students to get back to their dorms.  It was quite entertaining. For that short walk, Airakus nearly for got about all the things that
had been boiling him over mere moments ago.
But then again, one couldn't for get things like that, the terror when Remus had said it aloud,
the nod louder than a thousand men screaming from the hilltops.  
Greyback was alive, the boy was dead, and Airkaus was merely waiting to inevitably be
found by the man who had slaughtered his mother and turned him into a monster .
The Slytherin dorm room was filled with sleepy students. A few snoring first-years in the
corner caught Airakus’ s attention. Draco cleared his throat and nodded towards the hallway ,
gesturing for Airakus to go upstairs first, just in case.
He waited outside the dorm for a few minutes. After a while Draco appeared in the hall, the
blonde boy glancing around quickly before landing dead on Airkaus, the boy seemingly
seeing through the spell as he opened the door with his wand. Airakus followed him, the
invisibility charm wearing of f like water slipping down a roof.
The Slytherin boy's dorm was the same as it always was, two beds, a couch, Theo sitting on
his four -poster , eyebrows raised at the pair as they walked inside.
“What a fine pair of chimney sweepers we have here!” He grinned, Draco casting him a
scowl as Airakus smiled at the boy with a confused nod.
“Well, I'm headed to Adrians with Blaise and Pansy , come over once you've dealt with that!”
Theo raised his eyebrows, stood, and bid farewell to the boys before leaving the dorm.
Airakus turned to Draco with furrowed eyebrows.
“What was he talking about?” He asked, Draco scrunching his nose slightly as he stared at
himself in the mirror , handing on the wall.
“We’re both covered in soot Rosier . Absolutely doused.” Draco explained. Airakus crossed
the room and looked into the mirror , Draco's standing in front of him, the pair ash-covered
and dirty from the unclean chimney in the unused room at Grimmauld Place. Covered in
soot.
“Look at us, we look like we came from Mary bleaming Poppins!" Airakus snickered, Draco
merely giving the boy a strange look. The muggle reference had gone straight over his head.  
"Oh Merlin, you look so dif ferent with black hair!” Airakus teased, Draco scowling as he
swung the bathroom door open. Airakus followed him in a state of giggles as Draco stuf fed
his head into the bathtub, running the shower within a second.
“PASS ME MY SHAMPOO!” He exclaimed, Airkaus laughing even harder as he handed the
boy one of his many expensive black bottles, taking a seat beside the bathtub as he watched
Draco with soft eyes.
 
“You have a staring problem.” Draco declared as he stood in front of the sink, looking at
himself in the mirror , a towel over his shoulders, a black shirt, and light sweatpants hangingloosely of f his bony frame.
He had showered and was brushing his teeth as if he were getting ready for bed, his hair
rather unorderly , a look Airakus rarely saw .
Airakus had showered as well, quickly and awkwardly , tugging Draco’ s towel from his arms
and dressing into his clothes (which Malfoy had charmed clean) behind the curtain.
Draco had scowled a comment about seeing him naked which had resulted in the boy being
flicked in the side of the head.
“I like looking at you, is that a problem?” Airkaus retorted teasingly . Draco rolled his eyes as
he glanced at the boy , leaning over the sink and spitting out the toothpaste, returning the
green brush to the cup on the counter .
“You know , I really have no idea what happened tonight ... .Y ou never do talk about what
happened before you came to school, when you were a kid I mean.” Draco began suddenly ,
avoiding eye contact with Airakus as he spoke.
“Neither do you,” Airakus replied, Draco raising an eyebrow . 
“My childhood was unpleasant, fancy dinners and angry parents discussing things in hushed
tones with my fugitive relatives. The only good thing was my disowned cousins who sent me
gifts through my mother , Andromeda, and Sirius.” Draco sighed.
“I never did know how she died, Father refused to let me go to the funeral with my mother .”
Draco sighed, Airakus's eyebrows shooting up.
“I didn't see your mother there...I suppose I was too upset with it all, Remus was in a state for
weeks.” Airakus replied, Draco turning to the boy .
“You knew her then? My aunt?” He asked, AIrkaus nodding.  
“She and Sirius were close, she took care of Remus and I around the moons, came round on
holidays. She was family when I was young…before she died.” Airakus sighed, glancing at
Draco.
“It was cancer , some sort, I was too young for them to tell me the truth,” Airakus added,
Draco’ s eyebrows furrowing.
“That's the first thing you've ever told me about your childhood, you know? About my aunt's
funeral. That's rather ironic don't you think? That we could have met when we were seven?”
Draco asked, still standing in front of the sink, now facing Airakus who was sat on the edge
of the bathtub.
“We could've been best mates growing up, my father and yours were not too far from
friends,” Airkaus added, Draco furrowing his eyebrows slightly before he nodded meekly .
“Evan, Evan Rosier…..he and my mother got married to appease their families, had me, then
she left. He and Barty raised me until he was killed and I was bit, nearly in half, just like that
boy. Remus found me, he had been undercover in the pack, the pack of werewolves, the oneswho killed my mother…” Airakus sighed, letting it all out in one breath, no time to take it
back.
The only person who had ever heard those words uttered from Airakus’ s mouth was Seamus.
David didn't even know , the muggle boy far too sheltered to hear the truth and not think
Airakus mad.
“And that was the same man who attacked the boy this time? Fenrir Greyback right?” Draco
asked, Airakus nodding, the name sending a chill down his back.
“I lived at Grimmauld for a few months while I healed, then after Harry’ s parents died, and
Sirius was taken to Azkaban, Peter was proclaimed dead…..Moody shipped me and Remus
back to W ales, sent Andromeda and Nymphadora to check on us each full moon.” Airakus
continued, his voice low as he fiddled with his damp hair .
“Everything was good, even though I didn't get out much. I'd never been to Diagon Alley
until I went there to get my school things. Not a daily prophet in sight until a few years ago,”
He paused, thinking of the last time he had seen the infamous Greyback, a chill running down
his spine.
“It was my tenth birthday , Remus, T onks and Moody were all there….Greyback apparated
into the house, we never did figure out how he found us but I got hit with a nasty curse….it
felt like I was transforming, but it was more of a sting….he got away….after that Moody cast
a thousand spells over the house to keep people away….I was bedridden for a week or
so...we didn't celebrate my birthday after that.” Airakus let out a shaky breath after he had
said it, Draco watching him, the boy's eyebrows in a strange fixation on his forehead, his eyes
wide.
“The cruciatus curse?” Draco asked, Airakus nodding slowly as his eyes traced the floor tiles,
not daring to look up at the Slytherin boy who he knew was watching him.
“Dumbledore came when I was thirteen, said he needed Remus to come to Hogwarts to teach,
and just like that I was going with him…..other than that my childhood was full of records,
cookies and loud towns kids, lots of tag, hide'n'seek…Remus drank a lot when I was
younger ...I guess that was the only downside…” Airakus scof fed, Draco nodding slightly .
“I knew you were resilient but..." Draco trailed of f. 
"But?" Airakus asked.  
"You need to stop proving me right," Draco muttered, Airakus shaking his head with a smirk.
“You're a sweetheart really .” Airakus teased, sneaking a kiss. Draco scof fed, the boy
following Airakus out of the bathroom, the pair heading across the hall to Adrian's dorm as if
nothing had ever happened.
Chapter End NotesAH posting two days in a row? Whats happening to me???Slytherin afterhours
Chapter Summary
Airakus and Draco head to Adrians' dorm and spend some time with the other
Slytherins. Airakus realizes how great his estranged friends are.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“What's taking them so long?” Pansy asked as she paced in front of the door . Theo and Blaise
were sitting on the floor behind her , a game of exploding snaps between the boys as they
shrugged.
Adrian was on his bed, his roommates in the common room at a ‘party’ that Pansy had
declared quite a bore after an hour or two of sitting in the common room with a snarl on her
face.
“20 galleons, they're fighting again.” Theo scof fed. 
“30 they’re snogging,” Blaise replied, Adrian and Pansy glancing at one another while Theo
rolled over laughing, thinking his friend was hilarious for suggesting something so ridiculous.
The dormitory door room opened suddenly , and Draco walked inside. Airakus followed,
closing the door behind him.
“What took you guys so long?” Pansy asked, hitting Draco in the arm, the boy scowling at
her as he sat beside Adrian on the bed.
“He had to fix his bloody hair .” Airakus scof fed. 
“Well HE had to remember the charm to clean his clothes,” Draco scof fed back, the two
reciting their practiced excuse.
“See, ar guing. I want my 20 gallons!'' Theo boasted, nose high as Blaise tossed his snaps,
disgusting green liquid squirting at Theo, declaring Zanbini’ s victory .
“Consider us even, given you owed me 20 for that win,” Blaise smirked slightly , rolling his
eyes before he began collecting his snaps. Theo rushed towards the bathroom to rid himself
of the stench.
Airkaus and Pansy sat down on one of the other empty beds, Adrian glancing between the
two with a sigh.
“You know , we really should do something about this whole banning Hogsmeade thing, sign
a petition or whatnot? I can't find an excuse within the rules to hang out with W easley .”Adiran scof fed, Airakus smirking slightly .
“Well, where is he right now?” Airakus began with a smirk on his face. Adrian shrugged.
“Dorm? Plotting the headmistress’ s demise? Who bloody knows.” Adrian replied, Blaise and
Pansy laughing slightly as Draco scof fed.
“She's not the headmistress, or ..." The boy paused. "She won't be for long anyways. She's
horrid.” Draco retorted, Airakus watching the Slytherin with a small smirk playing at his lips.
“Well obviously . Have you heard Crabbe and Goyle? They're like her servants. Reminds me
of you when we were little!” Theo chorused as he exited the bathroom wearing a dif ferent
shirt, the boy doused in Adrian's cologne to cover the stench of the exploding snaps green
spray .
“Oh please don't torture me. I for got I was ever friends with those complete thick heads!”
Draco scof fed, Airakus laughing slightly as the others cooed and teased Malfoy .
“Well, Goyles not always too bad, Crabbes the real idiot.” Pansy snorted, Blaise nodding.
“Remember when he tried to convince you that muggles couldn't see colours?” Theo asked
Blaise whose eyebrows shot up, the boy whipping his head towards Draco and Adrian.
“GOD I FORGOT T O TELL YOU ABOUT THA T!” Zanbini shouted, Pansy shushing him
though the girl was too late. Blaise had begun rambling of f a story to Draco and Adrian, who
listened intently , Airkaus looking away from Draco to focus on Blaise's humourous tale.
Airkaus sighed as he tried to turn his brain of f, his head pounding as his mind raced,
reminding him of all those things he had just told Draco, all the things he had just heard from
Remus.  
Airakus had only ever told two people about the unfor givable curse he had taken to the chest.
He had only told two people about Andromeda’ s funeral or Remus’ s drinking.  
He had only ever told Seamus about Fenrir , only ever talked to Remus about the man in depth
before, yet now Draco knew as well, now Draco was in Airakus’ s head even more than he
had been before.
Airakus hadn't thought Malfoy could burrow deeper in his brain, to consume more of his
thoughts.  
Yet there he was.
Airakus smiled to himself as he flopped backward onto the bed, Pansy kicking their feet
together teasingly as Theo and Blasie rambled on about Crabbe being an idiot.  
He felt oddly comfortable in that Slytherin dorm, and as the night carried on, Airakus for got
all about his roommates waiting for him back in Gryf findor T ower .
Chapter End NotesI know I know , this one's short, HOPEFULL Y, I'LL POST THE NEXT ONE SOON!!!
Buuuuut I cant promise anything...DRAIRAKUS MY BELOVED>  
Also, note that Theodore Knott in my brain is a lot like Seamus only more nonchalant
and mysterious if ykwim??Airakus Rosier, Where Have You Been?
Chapter Summary
Airakus returns to Gryf findor T ower to find his dormitory wide awake and waiting for
him.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus trudged up the thin passageway that led to the third floor girls bathroom.  
Its entrance was right beside the Slytherin common room, one Remus and the other
Marauders had used during their first prank, a story Airakus heard nearly once a month for
the vast majority of his childhood.
It was nearly two in the morning now , Blaise and Theo having fallen asleep an hour or so
ago. Pansy and Adrian were halfway through a bottle of firewhiskey , Draco muttering things
to Airakus about birthdays and Christmas holidays.  
Airakus had taken Draco falling asleep as an excuse to leave before the sun rose, the boy
sneaking down the corridors and taking every secret passageway he knew of in order to get
back to Gryfindor tower without getting caught by Filch who was surely still out on the
prowl.
He woke the fat lady , mumbling the password to the alarmed woman who made him recite
the last four passwords as well to ensure he wasn't some evil creature of the night.
The dorm was quiet for a minute as Airakus clicked the entrance closed behind him. One step
inside was apparently enough to catch everyone's attention, the boys, who were all huddled
around Harry's bed, turning to Airakus sharply , Ron's bedside lamp flicking on.
“AIRAKUS ROSIER! WHERE HA VE YOU BEEN!?” Seamus screeched as he leapt onto
Airakus's back, the boy being beaten with pillows.
A planned attack. He had been unarmed yet within seconds he was on the ground being
tickled by the mad men screaming a howler written three years ago, Ron groaning from the
corner .
“Where have you really been though? Seamus said you were coming after dinner!” Harry
asked, Airakus casting Seamus a small glance, the boy shrugging as he turned and flopped
onto his bed, pillow in hand.  
The attack had ceased after Neville had been thwacked rather hard with a pillow , the boys
dispersing to their respective sides of the dormitory .“Poppy made me stay , needed to check a few things…” Airakus tried, Harry furrowing his
eyebrows.
“Mate, it's two in the morning..” Harry retorted, Airakus chuckling awkwardly .
“Oh well…Filch caught me?” He added, the tone in the room becoming suddenly quite
serious as the boys shared concerning glances.  
“Detention?” Ron asked.  
“Nah, talked my way out of it.”  
“Only Airakus Rosier would be able to convince Filch to NOT give him detention. Honestly
mate, how do you do it?” Seamus teased, Airakus scof fing sarcastically .
He didn't say so, but he was pretty sure Seamus had once talked Filch out of expelling the
pair of them once, late at night, when the old man had caught them with a pack of
firewhiskey and four marbelos each stuf fed in their robe pockets.
The boys fell asleep early that night, everyone far too tired to question Airakus any further ,
leaving him wide awake, mind racing with overwhelming emotions of both ecstasy and
terror .
His thoughts bounced back and forth.  
Greyback, Malfoy , Greyback, Malfoy , Greyback, Malfoy . 
And so it continued until the sun rose and the moon fell, the stars muttering their goodbyes as
Airakus finally fell asleep, haunted by the misshapen memory of Fenrir Greyback killing his
mother .
Chapter End Notes
Short chapter ik but Im sick soooo excuses excuses!!!Muddy Flying
Chapter Summary
Airakus cant sleep, nostalgic quidditch with Draco.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
When Airakus woke up he had a bad taste in his mouth and a nasty headache. He sat up with
a start, squinting in the dark of the dorm.  
It must barely be morning, given not even Dean was awake yet.  
Airakus checked his alarm clock that sat broken on his nightstand, Ron having smashed it
years ago, Airakus never bothering to fix it.  
It was 3:13 am.
Airakus crept out of bed and into the bathroom, scrunching his nose at himself in the mirror
before taking the most quiet shower he could manage.  
He got dressed and after standing in the centre of the dorm staring out the window
considering his options, the boy took his broom and left his room, trudging down the stairs.
Airakus snuck out of the common room and through the castle, eventually he had to crawl
through a first floor window and run across an empty quartyard to get to the quidditch pitch,
which was hidden in the moonlight, the grass damp from the early spring morning air .
It was May 27th now , only a week or so away from June, the beginning of their O.W .L.S.  
The year before, Airakus had taken a few fifth year classes and the O.W .L.S that
accompanied them, though nobody had been too keen on exams after Cedric’ s funeral, not
even Hermione.
Airakus stood in the middle of the empty pitch, green sweatshirt, ‘1973’ etched across the
back, staring up at the night sky . 
If he was caught he’d get detention and Umbridge would more than likely reopen the gash
across his hand from the moon a few days ago.  
But the Quidditch season ended that weekend, their last match against Slytherin on Friday ,
and Airakus wasn't letting that game be the last time he flew all of fifth year at Hogwarts.
He was sixteen now , tall with broad shoulders and ticklish hairs poking out above his lip.  
But still somehow , when he flew he seemed twelve years old again, getting his first broom,
scoring that spot on the quidditch team.
He wondered who would be the other beater on the team after Fred left ... .he hoped it was
someone good, like Padma or something, she could fly quite well.  
He flew in loops, diving towards the ground testingly before rearing up and darting backtowards the grey clouds.  
It was freeing; it made him feel infinite.
After nearly half an hour of flying, Airakus’ s attention was graped by a wisp of white hair
crossing the field, the boy below mourning his black shiny broom in a swift kick of f.
Airakus smirked to himself.  
He absolutely loved accidentally running into Draco and landing alone with the boy . 
He thought it was funny , besides, it was an excuse to see him.
“What are you doing out here?” Airakus asked, Draco shaking his head slightly . 
“Could ask you the same thing.” Draco replied teasingly . 
“It's forbidden, you know! I could run telling and get you in loads of trouble Rosier” Draco
shook his finger at Airakus, the Gryf findor laughing as he soared over to Draco, circling the
boy with a grin as he reached out, flicking the boy in the side.
“Coming to the match Friday?” Airakus asked, Draco scof fing. 
“Playing in the match.” He replied, Airakus’ s eyebrows shooting up.
“Really?! I thought you quit in like third year?” He asked with a scof f, Draco flashing his
eyebrows at the other boy .
“Too many seventh years are on the team, they're all leaving with the twins…Fletchley asked
me and Theo to join again, so when Blaise is captain someone can make sure he doesnt kill
the entire team!” Draco scof fed in response, Airakus grinning.
“Well then, expect a tough match, I'll be sending plenty bludgers your way Malfoy .” Airakus
started with a fake serious tone, Draco suppressing his laughter as Airakus continued to circle
him.
“Couldn't sleep?” Draco asked after a moment of thinking, Airakus nodding slightly as he
stopped circling the other boy .
“It'll be fine Akis, believe me, I know these types of things” Draco teased slightly , Airaks
rolling his eyes as he began circling the Slytherin once more.
“Yea alright!” Airakus scof fed back jokingly , Draco rolling his eyes as he began tailing the
other boy , the two now in a strange game of tag up near the top of the stadium.
 
“Do you have a quaf fle?” Draco asked, Airakus shaking his head as the two floated in the air ,
silence encompassing them for a few minutes, comfortable silence at that.
“Let me go grab one, keep score for me would you?” Draco asked, Airakus nodding as he
began doing small loops, hanging upside down and laughing as his hair hung loose down.
Draco returned moments later with a quaf fle in hand, AIrkaus not bothering to ask where the
boy had gotten it from before he soared over to the lar ge score hoops, preparing to beat
Malfoys arse in this friendly match.Because to a beater , there was no such thing as a friendly match.  
He kept goal for a while, before the two had begun competitively chucking the quaf fle in a
two man half court match.
Eventually Airakus got ten more points, driving Draco to the brink of insanity as he chucked
the ball straight at the Gryf findor , the boy catching it with one hand, turning slowly towards
Draco before darting towards the boy , the two tackling one another to the ground in a fit of
laughter , mud ridden and sleepy eyed.
The sun had started to rise over the grounds, and both boys knew they shouldn't be out here…
though then again Airakus and Draco were far too busy laughing to care about that sort of
thing.
Everytime they tried to stand they'd slip in the wet mud and land on their backs with a slap.  
It wasn't until Airakus got on his knees and Draco used the boy's shoulder to prop himself up
did they both successfully stand on the dryer grass, mud ridden, brooms a mess.
They had class in three hours.
“Showers then?” Airakus wheezed, Draco rolling his eyes as he turned on his heel and
followed Airakus back towards the quidditch change rooms with a sarcastic sneer at the taller
boy.
Chapter End Notes
I am a neglectful writer ...I haven't posted in over a month SORR Y EVER YONE!!! I'm
going to post another chapter today , hopefully a few more this week and I pray I don't
forget to post over christmas break! Hope you enjoy the chapter!!!Class
Chapter Summary
Breakfast with Luna and the others, Hermiones summer plans, class, missing Slytherins,
Mcgonagol...
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus sat at breakfast with Luna for a few minutes before his friends pooled into the great
hall, Hermione, Harry and Ron all looking peaky and alarmed, until they saw Airakus.
“Merlin, HE'S IN HERE!” Harry called down the hallway , getting shushed by a prefect
before they were interrupted by Seamus and Dean running into the great hall, straight for
Airakus.
“Where have you been!?” Dean asked ur gently , giving AIrkaus a once over as Seamus
hopped into the seat beside him.
“Out for a fly .” He replied, Ginny scof fing as she sat beside Harry , giving the boys a strange
look.
“What?” Seamus asked the girl who shook her head.
“You weren't out for a fly , Malfoy was there with Knott all morning.” She retorted, Airakus
freezing.
Draco was sitting with Adrian across the hall, Theo still asleep in their dorm.  
Ginny had seen them?!
“No…I was there, went for a walk once they showed up…” Airakus rattled of f a quick lie,
suitable for his oblivious friends.  
Seamus hung his head while Hermione stuf fed hers in the daily prophet, Ginny raising her
eyebrows slightly before Airakus tore his eyes of f the girl.
“So, do you think you can come during the summer? Just for a bit?” Luna asked, still sitting
to Airakus’ s side.
The two had been talking about summer plans, both rather disappointed that the summer
prior they had barely seen one another . Especially now with the news of Barty , Luna, who
had been told by her father in a sorrowful letter she had let Airakus read, wouldn't want to be
home alone all break.“Yea, I mean…depends on who all stays in W ales, you could always come stay with
us...unless you'd want me, Seamus and Mione all coming round yours?” Airakus asked as he
swallowed his mouthful of waf fles, Luna nodding slightly with a small sigh.
“Wait…you're staying with Airakus? I thought you were coming round mine?” Ron asked
with a frown as he interjected in the conversation he had been listening to, turning to
Hermione who froze slightly .
“Just for some of July…before I go to yours…” Hermione added, Ron furrowing his
eyebrows as he began muttering something to the girl.
“I was more thinking round mine…just in case Dray…..” Luna paused as she replied to
Airakus, lowering her voice when she saw Ginny watching them.
“You know who…might be with me over the break...if he doesn't go stay with everyone at
headquarters.” Luna added in a hushed tone, Airakus nodding his head slightly , their
conversation drowned out by Hermione and Ron's strange ar gument.
With a small smile to Neville and a quick goodbye to Ginny , Luna rushed of f to sit with Cho
and the other Ravenclaws who had arrived at breakfast, leaving Airakus with the hoard of
antsy Gryf findors, none of whom had wanted to wake up early to search for the boy .
Classes were boring after the eventful breakfast, Airakus doodling drawings on his papers in
transfiguration, napping through history and tossing things about using levitation charms with
Ron all throughout charms. After lunch, he and Seamus skipped down to potions, laughing
and mocking Neville who they had been teasing all throughout lunch.  
Neville merely trailed after them with Dean, Harry , Ron and the others, none of the fifth
years eager to arrive at their collective least favourite class.
“Today , we will be making wolfsbane...turn to page…” Snape drawled on, Airkaus’ s ears
perking up for a moment before he turned to Draco’ s empty chair , the stool still tucked under
the table, his station clean and neat, Airakus having not seen the Slytherin since
transfiguration early that morning.
Snape clapped and the class broke out into chatters, half of the students rushing towards the
storage closet to get the ingredients while Snape sighed, stalking over to Airakus with a small
frown.
“Professor…where's Malfoy?” Airakus asked, Snape scowling down at the boy with a
distasteful look on his face.
“How would I know? Go get your ingredients!” He snarled at Airakus who stood, sucking in
a tight breath.  
He was horrible at potions, and without Draco, he would surely pull a Seamus and ignite his
cauldron, any flammable items around him right along with it.
Airakus didn't find Theo or Pansy after class in the normal corridor where they usually
hungout, the group spending fifth period together now that they had no teacher for care of
magical creatures.  His hair was on end from the anxious rush of making his potion alone. He had gotten his
brew of W olfsbane right, barely ...
Airakus stalked around the castle for the rest of the day , rambling on to anyone who he found,
begging the universe for the littlest bit of entertainment.  
The gods repaid him maniacally with Professor Mcgonagol finding him slumped up against a
wall in the west wing, a light years away from Hagrid's hut where his class would normally
be taking place.
“Mr.Rosier…what are you doing?” She asked with a small yelp, clearly caught of f guard by
the boy whom she hadn't seen previously . 
Airakus looked up at the woman and sighed.
“Dunno, bored.” He replied, unfortunately unprofessional, though the woman didn't seem to
mind as she stood in front of him, blocking the light from the tall window .
“Why aren't you in class?” She asked again, pestering him now . 
“Don't have a class…Hagrids still gone.” He replied, Minerva shaking her head slightly .
“That's right…where's Mr .Malfoy , or well Mrs.Parkinson or Mr .Knott? They're all missing
Rubeus as well, no?” She asked, Airakus shrugging.  
“Couldn't find either of them, and I haven't seen Draco since this morning...he wasn't in
potions either…” Airakus admitted, not wanting to get Draco in shit for skipping class, but
nevertheless concerned over the whereabouts of the Slytherin.  
It wasn't like the smartest wizard in their year to miss his favourite lesson for an unexplained
reason, even more unlike Theo and Pansy to be missing alongside him.
Mcgonagol frowned slightly , peering down either side of the long corridor before waving
AIrakus alone.
“Fancy a treacle tart?” She asked, Airakus standing swiftly as he apprehensively followed the
woman back towards her of fice, mildly aware this may become a massive waste of his lone
free period.
Chapter End Notes
I legit never know what to name chapters...also Im not sure how much you all like
chapters where Luna's more involved with Airkaus's daily like activities, I like including
her character but shes quite dif ferent In this fic given shes more friends with the
Slytherins and stuf f. Id appreciate some input, like what you all think of her character , if
we want more Luna less Luna??Testosterone
Chapter Summary
Airakus escapes Minerva, Ginny and Draco, ar guments, fight, Ron W easley being a
testosterone ridden angry teenage boy .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus sat in a lar ge red chair , a chocolate square in his mouth, his half eaten abandoned tart
sitting on Mcgonagall's desk in front of him.
Minerva herself sat across from him, digging through her desk drawer , muttering to herself as
she searched for some unknown thing, perhaps something to show Airakus, perhaps
something to give him.
He wasn't sure, the clock ticking on the wall displaying the end of fifth period in a few
moments was making Airakus’ s knee bounce anxiously .
“Ah here we are!” Minnie smiled, pulling out a stack of photographs, plopping them onto her
desk as she filtered through them, passing them to Airakus one by one.
Most were of her and the other professors.  
Her and Madame Pomfrey at their house in the country . 
Her and Dumbledore having tea.  
Simple photos one wouldn't make a fuss over , ones not even the minister would take a second
look at.
“You can keep that one if you'd like!” Minerva smiled quietly as Airakus stared down at a
picture of the frozen over lake outside his house. It had been from that past Christmas, taken
from the porch at home.
It showed him walking with Seamus and Percy , Oliver and Draco further back behind the
group.  
It was sort of weird looking at this picture he didn't know existed. That day had been so
perfect he almost thought he dreamt it.
“Thank Y ou Professor…” Airakus looked up, Minnie was smiling at him warmly , how a
Grandmother would smile at her Grandson.
“You know….Poppy and I really do consider you family Airakus, just know you can always
come to either of us if there's anything you need hun,” Minnie smiled, nodding slowly to the
boy who merely nodded back.  "I know we don't spend that much time together back in W ales, and that Remus has surely
grown away from us as he's aged but..." Minerva paused, the chime for the end of fifth period
cutting their conversation short.
Airakus stuf fed the photograph and the stolen chocolate squares into his robe pocket, turning
and rushing up the spiral stairs that lead to Harry and Ron's last class.
Minnie had let him go and Airakus had great fully left the woman's of fice, brow knit together
as he thought on the woman's words.
“OI! W ait up!” Airakus called after Harry and Ron when he had caught the pair in a lone
corridor . 
Airakus ran towards them, and halfway there realised both boys had not been walking to
begin with, and they hadn't heard him call them down.
They were standing by a corner , Harry's head poked around as Ron mumbled concerned
whispers to him, both boys with knitted brows and slim eyes.
“What's going on?” Airakus asked, Harry shushing Airakus as Ron let out a slight scof f.
“Did you know about Ginny and Malfoy?'' Ron scof fed. 
"What do you mean?" Airakus scof fed immediately , Harry pointing down the corridor . 
Airakus's stomach dropped as he nudged Harry over , looking down the neighbouring hall to
see Draco, sitting on a sofa against the wall, Ginny standing in front of him, talking. He
sighed internally , any panicked thoughts that Rons implied statement had caused dissipating
at the sight of the seemingly friendly conversation.
To Harry and Ron it seemed suspicious to find the two talking, and weird that Ginny was
speaking to Draco at all.  
To Airakus it had been nothing but strange, but then he recalled Ginny's comment that
morning at breakfast, and his stomach dropped all over again.  
What if she asked about that morning, and Draco's story was dif ferent than his, what if he
denied ever going out flying with Theo while Airakus had insisted he had left when the pair
had arrived.
“Oi! What are you two doing?!” Airakus interrupted, Harry and Ron reaching for his sleeve,
the taller boy dodging them as he strode over to Draco and Ginny . Malfoy's eyes widened in a
silent message of ‘help’ that reassured Airakus that he had been correct.  
Harry and Ron came darting after him, the three now standing in front of Draco who looked
rather afraid, Ginny more guilty .
“Gin, what's going on?” Harry asked, Ginny shaking her head at the boy , Airkaus furrowing
his brow . 
“Nothing,” She replied shortly , Draco standing as he grabbed his book which was laid down
beside him.
“Go, we’ll meet you downstairs” Airakus muttered to Harry who was standing with Ginny as
Draco began walking away , turning the corner from where they had come. Airakus took a
step to follow him before he was passed by Ron, the ginger boy storming after Draco like a
madman.“Where do you think you're going?” Ron snapped, Draco stopping in the centre of the hall,
turning around.  
Harry and Ginny were long gone now , neither one bothering to stay around and listen to Ron
and Draco ar gue. 
Airakus stood to Ron's left, glancing between the two nervously .
“To dinner?” Draco replied, as if Ron were stupid, a tone Malfoy seemed to embody every
time the W easley boys spoke to him.  
“What were you doing talking to my sister?” Ron asked again, not looking away from Draco
who was now glancing between him and Airakus with a raised eyebrow .
“She was talking to me if you even care…" Draco paused, glancing at Airakus before turning
back to Ron.  
"Can I go now W easley , or must you bore me any longer?”  
Ron scof fed as he took a step forwards, Airakus reaching out and tugging the boy's robes
slightly , signalling for him to stop.
“What did she want?” Ron continued, Draco shrugged.
“Was asking me about quidditch, it's really none of your business.” Draco added, glancing to
Airakus again who just shook his head back, eager to get out of this hallway and this situation
in entirety . 
“Well it's my sister , so it's my business. What did she really want? I swear Malfoy you keep
your slimy self away from her or you'll regret it!” Ron snarled, the most angry Airakus had
seen him since fourth year .
Draco looked taken aback at first, but was quickly overcome with anger .
“As if I'd ever want anything to do with your sister?” Draco snorted.  
“That's laughable W easlebee, laughable!” He added, Ron furrowing his brows deeper , ears
turning bright red as he balled his fists.
‘You know what? I think you're a git. A proper git. If you ever speak to Ginny OR Hermione
again I swear to Merlin Malfoy you'll regret it!” Ron persisted.  
"Mate..." Airkaus began, grabbing Ron's sleeve again.  
“Oh, this is about Granger is it? W e all know you fancy her W easel, just man up and get it
over with!” Draco snorted, cutting Airakus of f.
“Shut your mouth Malfoy .” Ron snarled, angry now more than before.  
“Make me.” Draco taunted, Airakus glancing to Ron a second too late.
The boy had lunged forwards, grabbing at Draco's collar as both boys fell to the floor in a
pile of thrown punches and muttered spells.  
Airakus grabbed Ron and ripped him of f of Draco, and as Ron stood, catching his breath
Airakus helped Draco up, Draco shaking him of f with a sneer .
“Fuck of f Rosier .'' Draco snarled before turning swiftly and storming away , leaving Airakus
and Ron alone in the corridor , Ron catching his breath, Airkaus staring at Draco as he walked
away ."I swear , if he ever looks at Gin again I'll kill him myself.” Ron scof fed as he shook his hand,
which he had used to punch Draco in the shoulder , aptly missing the boy's face.  
“Yea, rather it be Harry eh?” Airakus teased, Ron stifling a disgusted snicker , shoving
Airkaus teasingly . 
With that the pair headed towards the staircase, Airakus turning back once more, peering
down the empty hall before rushing after Ron, Draco no longer in sight.
Chapter End Notes
I LOOOOVE this chapter because angst ifywim.Short Dinner
Chapter Summary
short short
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus spent the majority of dinner watching Pansy and Draco mutter between themselves,
Draco furrowing his eyebrows as the pair of them cast weary glances towards the Gryf findor
table.
Clearly Ginny knew something, clearly she was suspicious enough of Airakus to go to
Malfoy herself.  
Then again, maybe she had just stumbled upon Draco and decided to be the bigger person?
To break the house quarrel at last…little did she know , Airakus, Geor ge and Seamus had
already been working on that.
All the stress over Ginny possibly knowing something had caused the thoughts of Greyback
to slip from Airakus's mind, only to be shot back into his head in the middle of his
conversations with Harry , the other boy eager to discuss the war , and his nightmares which
had returned as of that past weekend.
Airakus was feeling overwhelmed, overwhelmed beyond repair , and when Ginny snapped at
Hermione, scowling something under her breath at the dark haired girl before strutting out of
the great hall, robes swaying behind her , Airakus nearly fell backwards of f the bench and
died out of pure exhaustion.
“What was that about?” Airakus asked Hermione, the girl shaking her head as she stood,
storming out of the hall, not after Ginny but merely out the only exit nearby .
The boys watched the two go with furrowed brows, Ron scof fing slightly as he stuf fed his
mouth with more potatoes, Airkaus mimicking him, deciding eating was better than talking.  
He had never understood girls, and he apparently he never would.
After dinner was over , it began to rain, the drops pattering against the windows as Airakus
and Seamus walked through the dimly lit corridor towards the library .
Neither one of the boys were eager to meet Hermione and Dean to study , but neither of them
wanted to go back to the common room, Seamus to restless, Airakus to tired of listening to
Ron and Harry spat shit about Draco who he wouldn't be able to sneak of f and snog that
night, due to Ron's watchful eye on the Slytherin boy .“Do you think she knows?” Airakus blurted out after minutes of silence between him and
Seamus, the possibility still the only thing racing through Airakus’ s panicked thoughts.  
Seamus sighed, glanced down the hall, and stopped in place, facing Airakus with an
empathetic look.
“It's Ginny mate, she knows everything.” Seamus patted Airakus’ s shoulder .
“Not helpful Finnigan.” Airakus retorted in a scof f, Seamus stifling his laughter as the boys
entered the library , stuf fing themselves in the back corner of the high shelved room where
Hermione was already sitting with Dean, the two deep in their essays, preparing for exams
which were in less than two weeks.
Chapter End Notes
Seamus being a king, girls being confusing, Greyback and Harry .Owlery
Chapter Summary
late night wandering, Owlery , muggle parents, Draco and pansy , fights, Theo, Ginny ,
fraternization.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
They studied for hours, and by they of course that meant Hermione and Dean, the pair
studying while Airkaus and Seamus played a game of exploding snaps dangerously close to
their unfinished homework.  
After Madam Pince kicked them out of the library , snarling at them that it was nearly curfew ,
Airakus and Seamus decided to use their distance from Gryf findor T ower to their advantage,
and bid farewell to Dean and Mione before dashing to the kitchens.
“Think we’ll get caught?” Seamus asked as he climbed through the hole behind the painting,
Airakus shrugging.  
“Probably , we are rather loud.” He replied, Seamus scof fing. 
“I mean on the way back,” He scof fed, Airakus shrugging again.  
“I don't remember who's on patrol tonight, depends, even if we do we might get away with
it…” Airakus reasoned, pausing when he was tackled to the floor by a house elf with a wide
grin displayed on its face.
“Master Rosier! So good to see you!” Dobby squealed, Seamus casting Airakus a teasing
glance as both boys followed the small elf back towards the stove, eager for whatever
leftover desert Dobby had stowed away in hopes a student would come by .
Seamus and Airakus were sitting on the floor on either side of a big wooden stove, empty tart
wrappers stacked to the nines in between them, cupcakes in either one of the boys' hands.  
They really were pigging out, but it was well deserved after the rough full moon and stressful
past few days.  
Not to mention that the next moon was on the Saturday after the O.W .L.S exams, Airakus
would be a wreck the entire time.
Seamus’ s mouth was stuf fed like a chipmunks, Airakus watching out the corner of his eye as
the boy struggled to chew the mass of chocolate fudge he had in his mouth.
“Do you think you could do me a favour mate?” Seamus asked suddenly , through his
mouthful of food of course.  
Airkaus turned, crossing his legs into a pretzel of long lanky limbs as he faced Seamus with
furrowed brows.“Yea course, what is it?” The taller boy asked, Seamus pausing slightly as he swallowed his
food, placing his cupcakes down on the floor beside him, glancing around.  
“Write Remus for me? I haven't heard from my parents in a few months and I know that
you've been able to send letters back and forth recently again…I just don't want to ask Harry
for Hedwig because..” Seamus didn't have to say anything, they both knew why borrowing
Harry's owl to send messages to the order was a bad idea.
It would resurface the ar guments from last summer , and from earlier in that year , and from
the week prior . 
Harry was still pissed with them both that they were so involved in the order while he was
left to suf fer in silence.  
He would surely figure out where Seamus was sending it and tie Hedwig with two letters,
one of his own bombarding Sirius and Moody with thousands of questions they all knew he
couldn't know the answers to.
“Yea, we can go to the Owlery on the way back if you want? I'm sure Biters back.” Airakus
nodded, Seamus smiling a bit at the nickname for Sirius’ s deranged bird.  
“Thanks Aira, really…I just worry so much about dad nowadays, with all the stuf f in the
prophet.” Seamus paused, staring at the wall opposite the boys, Airkaus nodding.
Airakus wondered how it felt for the muggleborns, having Muggle parents in the middle of a
dangerous prejudiced wizarding war . Seamus was a halfblood afterall, and his dad, kind and
supportive nonetheless, was not a wizard.
“Did Ron really punch Malfoy earlier?” Seamus asked, a sly grin replacing his serious
expression, the change in topic sudden as it went for most of the boys conversations.  
Airakus laughed slightly as he nodded, telling Seamus what had happened, causing the boy to
shake his head with a tsk.
“I mean, Ron does fancy Hermione, the entire bloody school knows it!” Seamus added,
Airakus laughing slightly as he finished another cupcake, feeling his stomach growl back at
him.
“Well, at least he didn't hit his face.” Airakus shrugged half joking, causing Seamus to laugh.  
“Oh your poor pretty boy , whatever would you do?” Seamus teased, Airakus scof fing. 
“If Ron punched Dean in the face you would suf focate him in his sleep.” Airakus stated,
Seamus shrugging.  
“Yea? So?” The boy scof fed, Airkaus bursting out into laughter , causing a few of the house
eleves to send them odd looks from across the kitchen where they were cleaning away .
The boys left the kitchen, evading Dobby and the sobbing W inky's questions about Harry and
school and classes and magic and bullshit, Airakus hoisting Seamus up through the painting
before crawling back after him.  
The two strolled through the castle as if they were prefects, arriving in the Owlery a good
while later , given it was at least a ten minute walk from the kitchens to the lar ge spiral tower .
There wouldn't be anyone there, surely , so the two talked loudly , gossiping like schoolgirls
before they reached the top, Airakus finding Biter and handing the owl to Seamus whoquickly tugged an envelope from his robe pocket, one Airakus hadn't even noticed was there,
tying it to the birds foot, evading its chomping beak, and sending it of f with a sigh.
"Thanks mate, really .” Seamus nodded sincerely , Airkaus clasping the boy's shoulder and
looking Seamus in the eyes.  
“Don't mention it.” Airakus nodded, the two looking at one another , seemingly
communicating telepathically before they were interrupted by someone clearing their throat
near the staircase, the chill of the night air making the two spring apart and turn to see Draco
and Pansy .
“Are we interrupting something here lads?” Pansy teased as she stood in the doorway , Draco
behind her left shoulder eyeing Airakus with a small smile, his blue eyes bright in the
moonlight.  
“Yea we were snogging, real hot...shame you interrupted...well Airkaus, lets go to the Room
of Requirement and shag...” Seamus teased, sitting down on the only surface not ridden with
owl shit as he glanced towards Draco, wiggling his eyebrows with a sly smirk.  
Pansy giggled, Airakus snickering.
The Slytherin girl crossed the tower and grabbed her lar ge barn owl, kneeling beside the
creature as she began scrawling out a letter on a parchment, Draco standing in the doorway
still looking at Airakus.
“I'm sorry about earlier .” They both said at the same time, Seamus rolling his eyes as he left
the two to go bother Pansy , not eager to listen to their conversation given Airakus would
surely recount it to him on the walk back to the dorm.
“I shouldn't have egged him on.” Draco scof fed. 
“No, he was being an idiot, he shouldn't have hit you, that was ridiculous.” Airakus scof fed
back, Draco sighing as he stepped forwards, his hands stuf fed in his pockets as he shook his
head.  
“Yea that was an insincere apology , I'm not sorry for being a prick to W easley , he deserved
it...” Draco snickered, Airakus biting his tongue, stopping himself from saying the things he
really wanted to say to Draco in fear that their friends would overhear .
“You weren't in potions.” Airakus added, the two standing an inch apart, Draco raising his
eyebrows.
“Slept in, honest!” He defended himself when he saw Airakus’ s unconvinced look.  
“That's very unlike you, are you ill?” Airkaus teased, Draco scof fing. 
“Yea piss of f.” Draco retorted, Airakus smiling to himself for his successful banter as Draco
stood still as a statue.
It was funny from an onlookers perspective, the very polar opposite nature of the two boys
standing, watching Seamus and Pansy laugh over a letter . 
One was a Gryf findor , the other a Slytherin.  
One was stood still, his robes orderly , his hair neat.  
The other swayed back and forth on his heels, his hair a dishevelled mess, his uniform nearly
unrecognisable.“You staying with me for the summer?” Airakus asked, Draco glancing at him from the
corner of his eye, hiding a sly smile that had appeared on his face.  
“I might go stay with Luna around my birthday , but she mentioned having everyone come
stay including Granger?” Draco asked, clearly not wanting to discuss summer .
It was unrealistic to expect smooth sailing, and was more likely that the two boys would die
from stress over exams than have a good summer holiday .
“Yea, she's staying with me until Harry's birthday ... .I don't think she's going home
anymore.” Airakus admitted, something he had been thinking about ever since Hermione had
asked him if she could stay . 
Draco nodded slowly , not commenting as he took a deep breath.
“Hopefully it'll be a good summer , good birthday , good year?” Draco chuckled slightly ,
Airakus feeling warm at the boy's lightness even when everything felt so dark.  
“Yea, hopefully .” Airakus replied, still swaying back and forth anxiously , restless and slightly
eager to get out of the Owlery which smelled awfully similar to David's cow shed back home.
“Want me and Pansy to walk you two back? So you don't get caught without a prefect?”
Draco asked, glancing to Airakus who smiled coyly . 
They both knew it was an excuse, but neither one said a word, Airakus merely nodded, the
four descending the stairs once Pansy had finished writing her letter .
“What did Ginny even say to you?” Seamus asked, the topic of the semi fight between Draco
and Ron having been brought up by Pansy who accused Airakus of taking Ron's side, ending
in Draco being rather flustered and walking slightly ahead of everyone in silence.
“She asked me if Theo and I were on the pitch this morning, and I said no…apparently that
was the wrong answer because then she started asking me a bunch of stuf f about…OH.”
Draco paused, realising as he turned to Airakus who shared Seamus’ s look of dull exhaustion.
“She saw us?” Draco asked, Airakus nodding.  
“99 percent sure, yes, she saw us.” Airakus replied, Draco groaning as the four stood, Pansy
with furrowed eyebrows before Seamus whispered a quick explanation to the girl, her
eyebrows shooting up as she held back her laughter .
“And I was just going to tell Theo! I can't now , if he freaks out then W easel will figure it
out!” Draco groaned, Airakus pausing slightly as he thought of that, of Theo knowing.  
He smiled to himself for a moment before he remembered what Draco had said.  
He wasn't telling Theo anymore, because of Ginny .
“I'm going to talk to her tomorrow . You can still tell him, I've got this under control I
promise!” Airakus smiled, a mask covering his true petrified expression.
Draco sighed and shook his head.  
“Whatever you say love,” Draco waved his hand in dismissal of the topic, Airakus sighing
slightly as Pansy caught up with Draco, Airakus hanging back with Seamus.“Since when were you going to talk to Gin?” Seamus asked.  
“Since right now .” Airakus said through his teeth, Seamus smirking, stifling a laugh as the
boys followed the Slytherin prefects back to Gryf findor tower .
Chapter End Notes
W chapter , absolutely cooking at the moment.Brothers...the deeper meaning.
Chapter Summary
Brothers chat, Harrys depressed, Seamus and Dean are what?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next morning Airakus woke with a start, sweat staining his sheets, his forehead damp, his
eyes wide, his knuckles white as they gripped the red duvet.  
He had had a nightmare, something the boy had for gotten about completely in the past year .
It had been of his father , weeping in the darkness.  
Or well, that was the jist of it.  
The spiders and the centipedes had made it worse, the boy being rather unkeen of bugs.
He turned to see that Harry had too been awoken, clearly , based on the look on his face, from
a nightmare of his own.  
They locked eyes in the darkness and Airakust stood, cracking the window in between their
beds before crawling onto the roof, Harry following without a word muttered between the
boys.
“Nightmare?” Airakus asked, Harry nodding as the two sat, the night still quiet, the moon
low on the horizon, nearly half full already .
The two sat in silence for a long time, longer than either one of them were used to.  
Airakus thought if he talked Harry might cry , the boy looked like he had been sobbing all
night, but Airkaus knew he and Seamus would have heard him when they got back earlier if
that had been the case.
“I don't know if I'm going to graduate Hogwarts you know?” Harry chuckled out, in a raspy
sort of sob, the type that mothers make when they utter their deepest regrets and secrets to
their teenage kids, old enough to know why their fathers drink and why their older brothers
dont come round anymore.
Airakus began to ask what Harry meant, but he knew in the end. He closed his mouth and
nodded, staring out at the quidditch pitch, eyes tracing the horizon as he listened to Harry's
unstable breath.
“If you don't neither do I.” Airakus replied, the only words he could come up with at that
moment.Airakus hated Harry sometimes. They ar gued, they fought.  
Potter was a git.  
But then again, everyone thinks their brothers are gits from time to time.
Harry didn't respond, just turned to Airakus, not meeting the boy's eyes given Airakus was
avoiding looking back.
“Brothers right?” Airakus chuckled lightly , though the gravity of his sentence was far heavier
than it had been the first time the two had agreed upon it.
The first time it had been simple, a childish dream of finally not being alone, finally finding
family , true family , even if their relations were the most confusing distant example known to
wizard kind.  
Now , now they were promising each other things that would be broken, things that would end
in sobs deeper than that of your old mother .
“Brothers…” Harry muttered under his breath, the pressure on his shoulders waying down his
breath like a child sitting on the shoulders of his father . 
“I think there's going to be a war .” Harry let out in a sigh.  
“There never wasnt a war , there was just a prolonged grace period.” Airkaus mumbled,
seemingly to himself as he dragged his pack of cigarettes from his nightstand which was in
reach of the open window .
Harry nodded slowly , not replying again.
“I think someone might die soon.” Harry sighed again.  
Airkaus nodded.  
“That's how war works.” He replied, Harry casting Airakus a weary glance.
“I think it might be me.” Harry muttered, Airakus pausing for a moment before passing his lit
cigarette to Harry , who rarely smoked.  
He grabbed it between his fingers, and took a long drag, barrely coughing as he handed it
back to Airakus who stubbed it out and flicked it away .
“Could be any of us.” Airakus added, Harry nodding, not feeling so reassured.  
“I dont think itll be you.” Harry added, raising his eyebrows at Airakus who furrowed his
brow in response.
“Why's that?” Airakus asked.  
“Because you're the most fucked one of us all, wouldn't be humane to kill you of f.” Harry
added a humorous thing in a serious tone, making it all the more funny to Airakus who was
having a hard time keeping himself from laughing.
“Ah yes, just how its inhumane to let me try and kill myself once a month. The world is
inhumane Harry , humanity isn't real.” Airkaus retorted with a scof f, Harry not replying,
remaining silent for a long while before he spoke again.  
“I think I'm human, really I do feel it I just ...I'm so…” Harry stopped, unable to find the
words.“Hollow .” Airkaus replied, Harry glancing to the boy with a small nod.  
“Hollow yea…rotten word.” Harry shuddered, wrapping his arms around himself.
“I think Seamus and Dean are gay ,” Harry sighed suddenly , Airakus nearly falling of f the
roof.
The boys were eventually laughing hard enough they feared they would wake the others and
Harry had to shush Airakus whose eyes were clouded with watery laugh trails.  
Airakus shook his head as he regained his composure, the seriousness of their conversation
gone as soon as it had settled over them.
“Go back to bed Potter , we’ve got class in a few hours.” Airakus shooed Harry away , digging
his cigarettes out from his pocket.
Harry merely laughed under his breath as he climbed back into the dorm and to his bed,
Airakus glancing back towards him as he rolled over under his lar ge blue comforter .
Brothers.  
They were alike in many ways.  
Different at the same time.
Airakus had begged whatever god controlled his fate night after night that Harry lacked the
fatal flaw . 
Yet here he was, hollow and laughing, smoking and sleeping like a dead man.
“Fuck” Airakus muttered as he closed the window behind him, falling asleep as soon as his
head hit the pillow , to overturn with guilt to stay up all night thinking.
Harry Potter was depressed, and Airakus had a nagging feeling something horrible was about
to happen.
Chapter End Notes
AH very abrupt sad chapter but still, gotta keep that tone yk?Telling people...
Chapter Summary
Classes, Lunch, Ginnerva W easley .
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airkaus woke up late, and rushed to breakfast.  
The last thing on his mind was his inevitable discussion with Ginny about what she had seen,
nor his inevitable discussion with Seamus and Dean about what Harry had said.  
Instead all he could think of was Draco's bloody hair , still damp from the shower . 
He could make out the smoke on the boy's face from across the hall, and Airakus damned
himself for having emotions and hormones for the thousandth time that morning as he rushed
to class, late with half finished homework tucked under his books.
Class was draining, Airakus's head pounding as professors drawled on about final exams and
projects, all simple stuf f Remus had made Airakus do years prior for a bit of light reading.  
He had been letting his work slip recently , though he wasn't to blame. Then again, his grades
remained at their peak, highest they had ever been in his life.
Airakus made his way to lunch with Seamus and Harry , unable to warn the boy of Potter's
suspicions.
“Think I could get out of potions exams if I beg Snape?” Seamus groaned as he looked over
his stack of homework, things he hadn't finished and most likely wasn’ t planning to.  
“I think you'd have to kill yourself to get out of that exam.” Harry scof fed, Airakus’ s stomach
churning at the joking tone in which Harry had shot that out.
“Nah, he'd find your ghost and give you detention for trying to skip the O.W .L.S” Airakus
corrected, Harry and Seamus snickering as the others in their house began to sit down around
them, all above fourth year , complaining about the exams.
Ginny came strolling in, side by side with Luna and Neville a few minutes later . 
Airakus watched with raised eyebrows as the three headed to ravenclaw table, Airakus
turning towards Draco, Pansy and Theo who shared his cautious glance.
“I'll be right back, got to ask Luna something,” Airakus dismissed Harry and Ron as they
called after him, Hermione and Dean scooching down the bench to fill his empty seat.
The boy lugged his bag over one schedule,tossing it onto the ground as he plumped himself
down in the seat beside Neville, across from GInny .“Ah Airakus! I've been meaning to ask about your exam for Care of…” Neville began,
Airakus interrupting him.  
“One second Nev .” He began, looking at Ginny with the utmost serious expression, Luna
merely eating as she scanned the quibbler , casting Airakus a confused glance as the silence
became unbearable.
“Gin, can I talk to you after class today? Before dinner ,” Airakus asked, deciding against
bringing Draco up around Luna who didn't believe in secrets, and Neville who was oblivious
to most of Airakus's secret doings.
Ginny glanced towards Neville, then back to Airakus.
“Bout what?” She asked, taking a bite of her red apple.  
“I think you know what.” Airakus replied with a bit of a nervous chuckle, not eager to have
this conversation whatsoever .
“Yea, sure, meet me outside the Divination tower , you have a spare fifth right?” She asked,
Airakus nodding as Neville sighed.  
“Well, that answers my question. I had Creatures last term, I was wondering if you heard
anything about the O.W .L.S for it? Given Hagrid's not here and all…” Neville began, Airakus
sighing slightly as he turned to Neville with a tight lipped smile.
“Professor Kettleburn is running it next Thursday I think, at least for my class, that's what
Mcgonagol told me and Malfoy .” Airakus nodded, glancing to Ginny before he stood,
rounding the end of the table, ruf fling Lunas hair as he passed, and returning to his seat with
the Gryf findors, stuf fing his mouth full of food so he was unable to answer the boys
questions.
Chapter End Notes
Ginny being a boss bitch is very important for moral.Telling Ginny
Chapter Summary
Liza W arrenton and her fourth year friends, Ginny being a queen, spilling the Gaylord
beans.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Airakus sat down in potions with a muf fled sigh.  
Draco sat beside him, eyeing him curiously . The boy opened his mouth to speak but was
interrupted when Snape began explaining their lesson for the day , followed by a ramble about
O.W.L.S.
“Since this is your first year taking the O.W .L.S for most of you, I assure you that 80 percent
of you will fail." Snape scowled towards Harry and Ron, rather hostile compared to the days
prior where their potions master had been sitting silently reading in his desk chair .
“What's got him in such a mood?” Seamus muttered, Airakus overhearing Dean ramble of f
something about losing house points and the quidditch game that Saturday which Slytherin
would surely lose.  
It was the last one of the year , for the house cup.  
The one Draco would be playing in.
“You alright?” Draco muttered as he flipped through his textbook, glancing back and forth
from the blackboard to his book as he searched for the recipe.  
“Yea..." Airakus replied, Draco giving him an unconvinced glance.  
"Going to talk to Ginny after class.” Airakus sighed, Dracos eyebrows shooting up.  
“After this class?” He asked, Airakus shaking his head.  
“Next,” He replied, Dracos shoulders tensed as he waved Airakus of f, sending the Gryf findor
to go get the supplies for their potion.
Airakus paced at the base of the Divination tower for nearly twenty minutes.  
Draco had promised Pansy and Theo he'd go help them with their final projects in the
common room so they had left Airakus behind, sneaking him into the Slytherin dorms far
more trouble than the boys really could be bothered with.
Airakus bit his nail as he paced, his robes tossed over his shoulder , tie loose around his neck.  
He wasn't sure what he was even going to say to Ginny , or for starters what she already knew . 
Had she seen Draco and him fighting? W ould that be easy to explain?  
Had she merely seen them playing quidditch, that Airakus knew was simple to find an excuse
for. He would just think of a small lie, something along the lines of learning Draco'stechniques before the big match on Saturday . 
If she had seen them laughing and rolling around on the ground like children, that would be a
bit harder to dismiss.
Airakus just begged she wouldn't tell Ron.
The mass of fourth years began pouring down the stairs, Airakus standing at the base of the
tower , holding his robes, looking up as he watched for the ginger to come bobbing down the
stairs.
“Hey!” Liza grinned from a few steps up, rushing away from her group of friends who had
apparently accepted her as of recently . She bounded towards Airakus and without warning,
wrapped her arms around his neck, hugging him tightly .
“I haven't seen you in so long! What are you doing here!?” Liza asked, her friends all
giggling from their place on the stairs where they had stopped, the rest of the fourth years
casting the odd pair strange looks as they passed into the corridor .
“Erm…” Airakus began, confused and slightly alarmed by the girls af fection.  
He tripped over his words for a moment but was saved when at last Ginny came trailing out
of the classroom, her bag slung over her shoulder . 
He watched as she called goodbye to Professor T relawney and took her sweet time strolling
down the stairs, only looking up when she noticed that Airakus was there waiting.
“Oh hey! Lunas already gone, she felt sick earlier so she went to see Madame Pomfrey .”
Ginny explained, Airakus not commenting on the fact that he didn't care as to why Ginny was
alone, he hadn't even known Luna had Divination that term.
“Are we still going out to the lake?” Ginny asked as she walked past Liza's group of friends,
each girl giving Ginny a dif ferent snarled look of distaste as she passed.  
"Yeah," Airakus nodded. W ith that Liza let go of him, turning around and giving Ginny a
sour faced look.
“Ginny! Hi!” Liza smiled, stepping forwards towards her friends who all shared a look of
strange jealousy now . Ginny shuf fled away from the faux friendly girl and stood beside
Airakus.
Airakus stood in confusion while Ginny took of f her bag and handed it to him. He took it
without question, swinging it over his other shoulder without a second thought.  
It was normal for him to carry Gins bag, or Hermiones, god he and Dean acted as Seamus's
mutual pack mule most trips to Hogsmeade.  
It was a friendly thing, but Liza's raised eyebrow and her friends'collective mumbles made
Airakus think that the girls had gotten the wrong impression.
The silence that had fallen over the staircase was overwhelmingly awkward, Airakus
glancing to Ginny begging she would either sat something or turn and leave.  
“Ginny! I didn't know you knew Airakus?” Liza broke the silence, Airakus not saying a word
as Ginny turned, her hair which was in braids, most likely Luna's fault, swaying as she
swivelled her head back and forth between Liza and Airakus.“Yea?” Ginny replied slowly , as if she were confused, Airakus now begged for once that
Ginny not to let her temper get the best of her . 
“Oh. Are you really are close with all your brothers friends?” The tall, blonde girl standing
behind Liza asked. Airakus didn't know her name, and by the petty sound behind her voice,
he didn't intend to learn it.
“I suppose so. Why? W ant me to ask one of them out for you? Oh wait! Y ou already blew
through half of their year!” Ginny scof fed, turning to Airakus with a wide smile.  
She pointed at her head, scof fing sarcastically as if she had for gotten something obvious.  
"Sorry Mor gan I for got!" Ginny snarled at the girl. Airakus tried not to laugh as Ginny turned
on her heel and stormed out of the tower . 
Airakus glanced back to the girls staring at him, then to the swinging door that led to the
corridor outside the tower .
“Well, good to see you!” Airakus muttered, nodding to Liza who smiled back at him, giving
him a flirty wave as Airakus took of f out of the tower .
After the door swung shut behind him Airakus broke into a sprint, catching up with Ginny
who was already halfway down the corridor . 
“You're bloody brilliant I swear!” Airakus chuckled as he caught his breath, walking beside
the girl who was staring ahead, hot tempered and angry .
“She's a bitch, they all are. Liza was nicer earlier this year , then she started hanging around
those twits,” Ginny began, Airakus bracing himself for quite the rant.  
“She used to be friends with Colin, you know him right? Colin Creevey? Anyways, stopped
hanging out with him once he and Micheal became friends, obviously she's just a bitch,
anyways, she started hanging around Astoria Greengrass and bloody Romilda V ane? Who
does she think she is? None of those girls are in our year , I mean they don't even like her ,
they just pretend they do because she's the only one who's ever had a boyfriend. Ugh merlin
and Mor gan, don't even get me started! Thinks she can spat at me about my brother's friends?
Maybe if she hadnt sucked of f Vincent fucking Crabbe then she would have a chance with
one of you!” Ginny scof fed, throwing her hands up in the air in exasperation.  
Airakus’ s brow shot nearly of f his forehead when he heard the girl mention Crabbe, Airakus
quickening his pace to keep up with Ginny who was now speed walking down the hall.
“She sucked of f Crabbe eh? W ouldn't have guessed that!” Airakus interjected, Ginny
scoffing. 
“She fancied Malfoy for years, thought it would make her closer to their group or whatever .
Clearly not, Malfoy he doesn't even hang around Crabbe anymore, not since like the Y ule
Ball!” Ginny shook her head with another scof f, Airakus pushing open the lar ge wooden door
that led to the grounds, Ginny merely nodding at him as the two continued walking now
headed towards the lake.  
Airakus found more and more eyes on them as they passed by other students, mostly younger
than him. These were the kids he wouldn't normally notice if he had been with Seamus or
Harry; ones who had been sorted in third or fourth year when the boys had barely been
paying attention to the new students. Most waved to Ginny who smiled back even though she
was still raging over the girls in her year , Liza specifically .“What was she even doing? Jumping you in the bloody corridor like that? Merlin, she really
thinks youll go out with her next year!” Ginny snickered to herself, Airakus pausing and
turning to her with a furrowed brow . 
“Wait what? Who thinks I'll go out with them next year?” he asked with a slight chuckle.  
“Liza W arrenton, she talks about you religiously in class, ever since she started hanging
around those other girls.” Ginny scof fed, Airakus’ s eyebrows shooting up.
“What's with the face Rosier?” Ginny chuckled, scrunching her nose as Airakus as she
nudged him teasingly . 
Airakus shook his head back at her with a smirk, Ginny stopping in her tracks as she turned
to AIrkaus slowly . 
Airakus furrowed his brow in question, but was interrupted by Ginny screeching loud enough
that bloody God could have heard her . 
“What do you LIKE HER?!” She squealed, her mouth agape as if this were the most
important, amusing thing shed ever heard in her entire life.
Airakus paused. This was the time he should tell her , he knew it was the time.  
But he didn't, he didn't say anything.  
“C'mon tell me!” Ginny persisted, Airakus shaking his head.  
“No," Airkaus began. "No I don't fancy her jesus!” Airakus defended himself, Ginny rolling
her eyes.
“You're no fun.” She scof fed, crossing her arms before sitting in the grass beside Airakus, the
two having reached the lake, sitting in the grass just before the sand.  
"Are you sure you don't? I mean I know I called her a bitch but shes really not thaaaat bad
once you get past all that stuf f I said..." Ginny waved her hand around in the air , Airakus
snickering to himself.  
"I'm pretty sure." Airakus scof fed, Ginny sighing, silence encompassing the two for a
moment.  
“What was it you had to talk to me about?” Ginny asked suddenly , catching Airakus of f
guard.
He paused, suddenly flooded with every panicked thought he had had whilst waiting at the
bottom of the Divination T ower . 
What did she know? What had she seen? What would she say? Who would she tell?
“You saw me and Malfoy yesterday morning right?” Airakus began slowly , his voice low . 
Ginny turned to him with the utmost seriousness displayed on her face, any sense of humour
vanished from her expression.  
“I saw you two fighting, or well, you were laughing…..and then I saw you guys go to the
showers but I…” Ginny paused, Airakus's expression, although he had attempted to hide it,
clearly riddled with fear .
"Airakus I havent told anyone. I asked Malfoy about it in the hall…yesterday when Ron went
all crazy…” Ginny paused, closing her lips tightly as she caught Airakus’ s avoidant eye.  
“Rosier , what's going on?” She asked, Airakus shaking his head slightly . 
He hadn't really ever told anyone, other than Geor ge. 
Seamus more or less figures it out for himself, as did Hermione.  It settled on Airakus that other than those two, Pansy , Remus, and Sirius of course…nobody
else knew . 
Nobody else knew about the boy that filled his thoughts each waking moment of the day . 
Nobody else knew about him and Draco.
He understood what Draco had meant about wanting things to be dif ferent now . He
understood why he had been so frustrated with him.
“Malfoys my…" Airkaus paused, the laughter of nearby first years causing him to jump
slightly . 
"We’re…” He attempted, but his mouth seemed to stop him from saying it, the thing he knew
Ginny was merely waiting for him to admit.
“How long has it been...?” She paused, turning to Airakus quietly , her voice usually loud and
jaunty , suddenly soft and friendly , her entire demeanor feeling more friendly than Airakus
had ever seen it.
“Well….we’ve always been sort of friends I suppose, though neither one of us admitted it
until fourth year…” Airkaus paused, hating himself for those times where he had toyed with
Draco so much. Sometimes he missed the simplicity of teasing Draco in potions, but he did
not miss longingly watching the boy read in the Library , or the dreams he would wake up
from with a sunken stomach and a pounding headache.
“It all started...it was all a big accident really…it was Halloween last year and...I guess it just
got more….”  
"Serious?” Ginny asked, pulling the word straight from Airakus’ s mouth.  
He nodded.
“So are you two like….going out?” Ginny asked, Airakus pausing.  
“Yea he's my…he's my boyfriend I suppo….”  
“Do you love him?”
Airakus stopped breathing.
“Gin….” Airakus began, thinking of all the ways in which he could avoid saying it.  
“Do you love him, yes or no?” Ginny demanded, her eyebrows furrowed, her bossy tone
returning as she crossed her arms over her chest.  
"It's not that simple, I mean..."  
"You know just as well as I do that this is very simple."
Airakus breathed deeply , unsure what to say in response to that.  
Minutes passed in complete silence, GInny not uttering a word as she waited for Airakus to
reply . 
He looked at her , his eyes flooding with tears as his shook his head and threw his arms up
into the air . 
"I love him more than I think I understand."
Her smile returned as she pulled Airakus close, the two of them hugging for the first time.  
Airakus and Ginny had never really been close.  She was a year below them, and Ron was one of his closest mates, Ginny always being his
little sister . 
Yet suddenly here she was, having a more accepting reaction than Hermione had, all the
while aware of the multitude of reasons Airakus would be murdered if his friends found out.
“Ginny…”  
“I won't tell anyone if that's what you're worried about.” She paused.  
“I swear it Airakus, I understand.” She said, and for some reason he believed her .
“Now , tell me why fucking Liza bloody W arrenton thinks she has a chance in hell with you?
Especially if you're into blokes!” Ginny stood, helping Airakus to his feet.
“I'm not into blokes,” Airakus scof fed, Ginny giving him a scof f in response.  
“Just into Malfoy then?” She snickered with a teasing grin.  
"Shove of f!” Aieakus groaned, Ginny rolling her eyes at the older boy .
Chapter End Notes
I absolutely love this chapter because in my opinion Ginny from here on in this fic is a
queen as she rightfully deserves to be. Airakus loovoooves him OOOOOOOOOOO>I need a fag!
Chapter Summary
Dinner , Hinny , searching for Hermione, Romione, lads, cigarettes, Neville being a
stoner .
Airakus ate dinner , sitting in between Ginny and Seamus as he stuf fed his mouth full of food.  
Seamus had eyed him and Ginny suspiciously when they had walked into the great hall
together , Airakus merely nodding and sending the short boy a thumbs up.  
That was enough to tie Seamus over until later when Airakus could tell him what had
happened without the entire school overhearing.
“Hey Ginny , why are they staring at you like that?” Harry asked, Airkaus and Dean both
following Harry's nonchalant nod over their shoulders to the Ravenclaw table where Liza,
Morgan and a few other fourth year girls were sitting, all muttering things and turning to look
at the Gryf findor table every few seconds.
“Ask Airakus!” Ginny scof fed in response, clearly still frustrated by her idiotic classmates.  
“Well, that one, the Gryf findor , Liza W arrenton, thinks I fancy her or something….we were
friends I suppose, but not really anymore…they were being right twits to Gin earlier when we
were trying to leave to go down to the lake and Ginny well….” Airakus turned to her , the girl
rolling her eyes.
“I basically told her to go suck someone of f and leave me alone.” She stated, Fred and
Geor ge both breaking out into hysterical laughter as Seamus too began chuckling, soon
joined by Ron while Harry stared at her with soft eyes, Airakus rolling his eyes at his love
stricken brother .
“Merlin, what the fuck!” Fred caught his breath.  
“Since when did you and Ginny go to the lake together?” Harry asked, Airakus turning back
to see the boys previous soft expression gone, Harry's brows now furrowed as he looked at
Airakus,
“Since today?” Airakus chuckled awkwardly , slightly confused as to why Harry seemed so
angry . 
Ginny merely glanced between the boys, stood and walked of f to Luna and Neville who had
just entered the great hall, leaving the older boys in a silent staring contest.
“Where is Hermione?” Ron asked suddenly , everyone looking around for a moment before
shrugging.  
“Dunno," Airkaus began, glancing away from Harry who was still staring at him with a
murderous looking his eyes.  "Want to go look for her?” Airakus asked, eager to leave the great hall and escape Harry's
rage, not to mention the eyes of the fourth year girls who were still staring at him, now alone
without Ginny to protect him from the wrath of the teenage girls.
Ron merely stood, Airakus and Harry both rushing after him, the three shoving the doors to
the great hall open.  
As they left, Airakus cast a glance down the Slytherin table, wondering where Draco was,
eager to tell him how it had gone with Ginny . 
Instead he saw Pansy , Theo and Adrian sitting across from Blaise and Goyle, no blondie in
sight.
The three Gryf findors walked around the first floor , checking the Library and the old
classroom where Hermione went to study sometimes if the Library was packed.  
She wasn't there.  
Harry and Airakus were both rather tired, Airakus now looking for an opportunity to sneak
away and go search for Draco, Harry exhausted, his eyes heavy and his head pounding from
the harsh occlumency lesson he had been to before dinner .
“Alright, maybe she's in the common room?” Harry proposed to Ron who had rambled on
about searching for her floor by floor . 
“Right, let's go!” Ron nodded, strutting of f. 
Airakus and Harry shared a tired glance as both boys rushed after their friend.
Hermione was in fact, in the common room, snuggled up in a chair by the window reading, a
few books stacked on the table beside her . 
Ron didn't bother disturbing her , merely sat against the chair on the floor , leaning against her
slightly . 
Harry and Airakus shared another glance, though neither said anything given Hermione didn't
move or say anything Rons clear af fection.
“I need a fag!” Airakus declared as he turned towards the staircase.  
"Don't call them that!" Hermione sighed back, Airakus already beginning to barrel up the
stairs, taking the steps two at a time while Harry chuckled, following close behind him.  
"Also don't smoke!" SHe shouted after the boys.
Airakus sat on the windowsill, the sun setting over the quidditch pitch while Harry sat beside
him. 
Clearly whatever anger the boy had had over Airkaus and Ginny's escapade to the lake earlier
had subsided, the two now sitting in comfortable silence.  
It was a lot like the other night, when Harry had spilled all his secrets, all his horrible
thoughts, only this time they were in the quiet comfort of their empty dorm, and Airakus was
too distracted with Ginny , Draco and everything happening with exams to ask Harry if he
was alright.
“I think I should have asked Cho out sooner last year , you know?” Harry broke the silence.  
“It's not your fault Harry .” Airakus replied, and that was that, the pair returning to their
comfortable silence, only broken upon the arrival of their roomates.  
The other boys stumbled into the dorm a half hour or so later , swinging the door open and
flooding the bedroom with noise.  Upon turning around Airakus discovered Neville red in the face and Seamus teasing him
incessantly .
“Tell them!” Seamus grinned, Dean rolling his eyes with a cheeky smile as he stood closely
behind Seamus, Neville groaning as he buried his face into his pillow . 
“What happened?” Airkaus asked as he handed Seamus the lit cigarette, Dean plucking it
from the boy and tossing it out the window , earning a scowl from both Airakus and Seamus.  
“Nevs got detention!” Seamus teased, both Airakus and Harry's brows shooting up as the
boys turned to Neville with shocked expressions.
“Flitwick caught him and Colin Creevey smoking behind the greenhouses!” Seamus
continued with the giddiness of a kid on Christmas morning, Airkaus’ s eyebrows seemingly
flying of f his head at the mention of Colin who Ginny had been rambling about just a few
hours ago now .
“You're high? Bloody Christ Nev , its like six o’clock? What were you thinking?” Airakus
scoffed with a chuckle as he stood from the windowsill, turning as he sat on his bed, Seamus
and Dean sitting beside him as Neville collapsed onto Harry's bed.
“I'm not high. I had like one puf f of the joint Colin got from Zanbini. I was only down there
so I could get a flower…” Neville shut himself up, going beat red.  
“A flower? Why?” Dean asked, Airakus and Seamus sharing a grin.  
“Neville you little softie!” Airakus teased, Neville groaning again as he picked up Harry's
pillow , stuf fing it over the back of his head as he screamed into his mattress, the others
dissolving into giggles as they teased Neville about his crush on Luna some more.Adrians Summer?
Chapter Summary
Poor Neville, Slytherins, Adrian Pucey , Geor ge
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The next day , the boys watched as Neville chickened out of giving the flower to Luna,
resulting in him moping around in the library with the wilting rose, his head resting against
Airakus's shoulder as he, Seamus and Harry tried to make the boy feel better . 
Madame Pince was rightfully frustrated with them being in the library all day , and eventually
sent them of f to dinner , reminding them that she could write them up for wasting their prep
day 'Consoling Mr .Longbottom.'
“Think hes gonna top himself?” Seamus joked through a mouthful of food as the boys all sat,
watching Neville sit across from Luna and Ginny , his eyes red from crying all afternoon,
seeming as though he may faint from pure embarrassment each time Luna smiled at him in
her usual oblivious manner .
“Bit extreme Sea,” Harry mumbled, Airakus snickering slightly . 
“He’ll be fine, give him a few days and it'll be back to normal.” Dean added, everyone
merely replying in huf fs of agreement as they continued to watch Neville.  
"You'd think he'd ask one of us to talk to her for him by now? She's my cousin I wouldn't
mind..."  
"Not the point," Harry interjected.  
"Yeah, he wants to do it himself, make it romantic y'know?" Ron snickered.  
"We aren't in second year anymore,it would be childish for him to get us to help." Dean
added, Airakus shrugging.  
"Since when were you the all knowing romancer Thomas?" Airakus teased.  
"I'm surely more experience than you Mr lone wolf." Dean snickered back, the boys breaking
out into giggles followed by muttered howls from Seamus and Ron, Airakus rolling his eyes
as he stuf fed another spoonful of pasta into his mouth.
The boys sat in giggled conversation, watching Neville sulk for most of dinner . Everything
was normal until Airakus’ s attention was dragged away from his friends towards the
Slytherin table where Draco, Pansy , Theo and Blaise were all sitting across from Adrian, all
five of them looking over at Airkaus as if they were trying to catch his attention, each ones
expression riddled with concern.
“Whats going on?” Seamus mumbled to Airakus, the other boy having noticed the Slytherins
trying to catch Airakus's attention.  Airakus shrugged, turning to Seamus with furrowed brows before turning back to see Draco
and Adrian leaving the great hall, the other three remaining in their seats.  
Airakus glanced down Gryf findor table to see Geor ge who was watching the pair of
Slytherins leave with a slight frown.
“Bathroom,” Airakus muttered to his friends, Seamus nodding as Airakus stood, walking
down the table and nudging Geor ge, nodding to the doorway , the older W easley boy
following Airakus out into the hall.
“Oi!” Airkaus called down the corridor . 
There were some other students around, so he thought it best not to run over and ask Draco
what was going on.  
Draco stopped, grabbing Adrian, the two turning back towards Airakus and Geor ge who had
caught up with them.
“You guys alright?” Geor ge asked, Adrian glancing to Draco with wide eyes, Draco shaking
his head at the older boy . 
“Whats going on Blondie?” Airakus muttered to the blonde boy as Adrian and Geor ge looked
at one another in silence.  
Draco dug into his robe pocket and pulled out a black envelope, handing it to Airkaus,
Geor ge standing behind the younger boy , reading over his shoulder .
 
Dear Adrian,
You are no longer welcome home for the summer , tell your brother to take the train alone.
-Druella.
 
Airakus glanced up to Adrian who shook his head, Draco frowning slightly .
“Whos Druella?” Airkaus asked.  
“My stepmother , shes like your third cousin or something like that, your dad was her uncles
son.” Adrian scof fed, Airakus nodding in slight confusion.  
“Why cant you go home this year?” Airakus asked again, pestering now . He knew the
answer . Druella Pucey , whom he had never heard of, was his cousin, therefore she was more
or so likely to be one of the supporters of Evans forced marriage, Pandora's disownment, all
the shit that Airkaus and Luna were still unraveling.
“They found out….about….” Adrian glanced to Geor ge whose face went pale, his eyebrows
shooting up.  
“We were going to go write Xenephelious, see if he could stay at the Lovegoods, Luna
already agreed….” Draco sighed, Airakus opening his mouth to ask more questions before
Geor ge interrupted.“Don't write Xenephelious, you're staying with me.” Geor ge scof fed, Adrians eyebrows
shooting up now , turning from Airakus and Draco to Geor ge. 
“Are you sure that's a good idea? What with your brother and everything happening at
home…” Adrian mumbled, Draco and Airakus sharing a knowing glance.
Percy had relatively been kicked out for his relations with Oliver , even if that wasn't the exact
reason all of the other W easley children knew that the topic wasn't very easy to discuss at the
burrow .
“No, but im not letting you stay with Luna and Malfoy , I'm sorry Draco I really do like you
its just….” Geor ge glanced to Airakus who turned to Draco.  
“Yes of course, I may not even be home...I understand.” Draco replied with a nod, Geor ge
sighing slightly as Adrian furrowed his brows.  
“What? Why wouldn't you be home?” Adrian asked, Draco sighing.
“There are lots of things you don't know about Pucey , its best if W easley explains….” Draco
turned to Geor ge, the four boys in some strange circle in the corridor , trying to remain quiet
enough for the straggling first years not to overhear them.
“Ill write Mum for you Geor ge, don't worry about it." Airakus of fered, Geor ge smiling with
tight lips to the younger boy as he began walking towards the common room, Adrian trailing
after him, white as a ghost, clearly distraught from the rapid events of the afternoon.
“You think he’ll be alright?” Draco asked as they watched the other two turn the bend,
disappearing into the castle.  
“He'll be fine so long as he's with the W easleys….and he'll be safer than he would be with his
family….my cousins….well, my cousins arent the nicest to say the least.”  
“Do you think it'll be alright this summer?” Draco asked, Airakus turning to the boy who was
still staring where Geor ge and Adrian had been, his jaw clenched.  
“I'm not sure, I hope so.” Airakus replied, Draco nodding as the two began walking, not eager
to return to their friends anytime soon.
Chapter End Notes
Adrian Pucey is a whole person in my head even though he's rather unimportant in the
books so we've got to accept the Geor ge being gay for him pipeline. ALSO I am a firm
Neville and Luna shipper and I will NOT F AIL to make them ICONS In this fic.Afraid
Chapter Summary
Dear Mrs.W easley , Geor ge and Airakus bonding in the Owlery , Adrian Pucey ml
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
Dear Mrs.W easley , 
Hello, it's me, Airakus.  
I wouldn't bother you if it wasn't completely necessary , but I'm dong Geor ge a favor . 
A very good friend of ours, Adrian Pucey , needs somewhere to stay for the summer . 
I'm sure you and Mr .Weasley will have your doubts, and I know that you surely aren't eager
to have another teenage boy to feed, but Adrian has nowhere else to go.  
We also suspect that he might join the order following graduation, and it would be a necessity
that he stay with one of the members after that happens.  
I would invite him to stay in W ales but I'm not sure if Seamus and I will even be going home
this summer .
Please send this owl back with your response, he has nowhere else to go and none of us here
at Hogwarts want him out there on his own given everything that's going on out in the world
since last year . 
Note that Geor ge will positively be in shambles if you say no
Also, let Remus know Im alright if you see him? He never replied to my last letter . 
Love, Airakus.
He sent the letter after Geor ge read it over , the two sitting in the Owlery , sorrowful glances
cast out the windows as both boys ar gued with themselves deep in their minds.  
After bringing Adrian back to the dorm Airakus and Geor ge had left. Airakus hadn't had the
chance to tell Malfoy about his conversation with Ginny , the pair having been interrupted by
Euan and another young friend of his, the two ruining any hope of alone time the boys had
had.
“Its not bloody fair!” Geor ge shouted as he kicked over a stack of papers, Airakus flinching
slightly at the sudden noise.  
He stood, his hands stuf fed in his pockets as he watched Geor ge have a breakdown,
completely trashing the Owlery .
“You done?” Airakus asked as Geor ge stood in the middle of his mess, his shoulders rising
with each exasperated breath the older boy took.  Airakus waved his wand, everything returning to its rightful place as Geor ge covered his face
with his hands, sinking to one of the only clean spots against the wall.
“Me and Fred have this thing planned….for the exam….I need to tell him about Adrian
before we leave, if he finds out after Puceys already wit us at home….” Geor ge paused.  
"God..." Geor ge choked out, Airakus joining him on the floor as he listened to Geor ges
muffled sobs.
The two sat together for a few minutes before Geor ge spoke again.  
“Who knows about you and Malfoy?” The ginger asked, Airakus pausing, caught of f guard.
“Erm…why?” Airakus replied, not meaning to sound so defensive, though he looked at
Geor ge with a confused expression.  
“I don't know who I should tell…you and Adrian's friends are the only ones who know…and
Seamus I suppose..” Geor ge shook his head with a scof f.
He never thought this would be something he would be asked.  
He never thought he would be going out with a bloke, he never thought he'd even be friends
with, let alone be dating a Slytherin in secret. Airakus had never thought he'd be struggling
this much with telling Geor ge who knew about him and Draco bloody Malfoy .
“Well, Seamus and Dean….Hermione, Pansy , Adrian and well Ginny now ,” Airakus replied,
Geor ge looking up with a furrowed brow . 
“And Luna.” Airakus finished, but Geor ges expression didn't change.
“I'm not sure what I expected but it surely wasn't only seven people...” Geor ge began. “How
long have you two been together?” He added, Airakus pausing, the word 'together' still
making him feel strange when it came to his relationship with Malfoy . 
Then again so did dating, boyfriends, going out, it was as if any mention of their relationship
was too much for Airakus to hear aloud sometimes.
"Since last Halloween I suppose..." Airakus replied, Geor ge merely shook his head.  
They were both quiet for a few minutes more, until Geor ge began again.  
"Will it always be this hard? I mean, me and Adrian have been…we've been like this just as
long as you and Malfoy have, we’re just more careful… I guess…..I guess I don't want to be
careful anymore.” Geor ge scof fed, Airakus nodding in understanding, though the confession
sent a shiver down his spine.
If Draco said that to him he may positively send himself bounding of f the astronomy tower . 
Then again, Geor ge and Adrian were by no means Airakus and Draco.  
They were less confusing, less involved with the war , less intertwined in hatred, less afraid.  
Adrian and Geor ge were by no means mortal enemies. Their friends got along, Geor ge was a
normal person, no scars, no bite marks, he was graduating that year , he'd be free.  
Adrian wasn't the son of a death eater , he wasn't Fred's sworn enemy , he didn't live with he
who must not be named.  
They were simpler , less afraid, and it was 1996, Airakus wasn't sure if they needed to be
afraid anymore or not.“I think I'm in love with him.” Geor ge's voice cracked.  
Airakus sat beside the boy in the center of the astronomy tower , staring at him with wide
eyes.  
The rain falling outside drowned out their conversation, the hoots of the owls filling the
silence.
“Its going to be alright Geor ge.” Airkaus replied, the only thing he knew to say , even though
he felt deep down it was a lie.  
"Thanks mate” Geor ge replied, the two leaving the Owlery without another word.
Chapter End Notes
This chapter makes me sad...but its alright bc I love Geor ge W easley . ALSO WHO AM
I POSTING SO MUCH!? Im insomnia, that's who I am.Escaping Hogwarts
Chapter Summary
Weasleys exam prank, Harry's vision, Umbridge catches them, Draco lets them
go...escaping Hogwarts.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The clock ticked slowly . 
It had been a week of panicked packing for Adrian, and panicked letters back and forth
between Seamus’ and his father , Hermione trailing after Airakus and the other boy as they
discussed their hopeful plans for summer in W ales.
It wasn't settled where Draco would be staying, given he was unsure whether his mother
would want him in W ales or at Grimmauld Place, or whether she would care at all.  
Either way it was sure to cause an issue, either way something bad would surely happen.
There had yet to be an end of term that had not ended in disaster for Airakus and his friends,
and this year he feared would be no exception.
Fred and Geor ge were knee deep in plans for a prank, each time they approached Airakus for
advice he would turn to Geor ge with a raised brow , the boy shaking his head back.  
Molly had written back, Adrian could stay at the burrow as long as he needed to, she was
glad to meet one of Geor ge's friends.  
Moody had also written Airakus, giving him listings of new missions the order members had
been sent on given Airakus and Draco were unable to attend meetings after Umbridge's
takeover , not to mention all the fireplaces in the castle being blocked from the floo network.
The clock ticked.  
Airakus sat in the great hall, his quill scratching the paper . 
He and Draco had barely seen one another in the last week, Pansy and Theo apparently
arguing over something stupid, Draco trying to police his friends while digging through his
notes trying to catch up on his history which he wasn't doing very well in, surprisingly .
The clock ticked.  
Airakus groaned, glancing over to Harry whos head was bowed over his paper , tongue
sticking out the corner of his mouth as he focused on his exam.
Remus had written Airakus back after Molly had scolded him about it. He had apologized for
not replying, told Airkaus that he and Sirius were fine, before reminding him that Seamus,
Hermione and him had to floo back to W ales after they got of f the train, because Remus
couldn't come get them from the station.  The full moon had been that past thursday , and Remus’ s hip wasn't doing well, Airakus
remaining relatively healthy , though his nightmares had been hitting him in full swing.
The clock ticked.  
A bang rang through the room, the entire great hall pausing their writing as they glanced back
towards the doors. Umbridge, who sat in Dumbledore's throne at the head of the hall, stood
with furrowed eyebrows.
The clock ticked.  
Another bang.  
The woman squeaked slightly , adjusting her stupid hat as she walked towards the door ,
leaning her head against it as she listened for what was making the noise.
Airakus turned to Seamus who Umbridge had put a few seats away from him. The boys
grinned to one another as they braced themselves for the inevitable.
The clock chimed, it was three o’clock, the end of the exam hour .
Umbridge turned, opened her mouth to speak, and with that the doors burst open, Fred and
Geor ge flying in, fireworks pouring from the ends of their brooms as the threw matches and
giant magical light displays into the air , the entire hall full of students erupting into laughter
and simultaneous screams as paint came pouring down, the exam papers flying everywhere in
the most chaotic prank the twins had ever pulled.
They continued to light the fireworks, the entire exam hall now in uproarious laughter , their
desks and papers left behind whilst Filch ran into the room with hip mop, as if that would
help.
“Ready when you are!” Fred chuckled, Geor ge nodding as he tossed a rather lar ge firework
into the air , the enchanted muggle toy exploding with a loud pop, the great hall seemingly
shaking as the twins flew outside into the courtyard, everyone chasing after them still
laughing.  
Surrounding classes and wandering students were drawn in by the noise, each and every
student grinning ear to ear as they watch the firework display the twins were setting of f above
the courtyard, Fred and Geor ge whizzing around with grins plastered on their mischievous
faces.
Airkaus stood in between Harry and Seamus, Hermione and Ron to Harry other side.  
The five of them looked up in amusement, Airakus secretly wishing he was in on this way
more than just being warned before hand.  
That's when it happened.  
One minute the five were standing there laughing, Harry smiling, the next moment, the boy
was staring ahead, a blank expression on his face.
“Whats wrong with him?” Seamus scof fed, Airakus turning to the boy , his smile dropping
immediately . 
Harry continued to stare, before he seemingly snapped out of his trance, turning to Airakus
with a horror ridden expression.“Hes got Sirius.”
 
“Harry wait!” Ron yelled up the stairs as the four trailed after the boy , Harry ignoring his
friends as he ran up the moving stairs two steps at a time, hs breath loud, uneven and
panicked.  
“Potter stop running!” Airakus snapped, Harry pausing, allowing the others to catch up with
him.
“How are you sure?” Hermione asked as they continued to run, Harry shaking his head.  
“I saw it, just like with Mr .Weasley . Its the same door I've been dreaming about for months
just I couldn't remember where I'd seen it before. Sirius said V oldemort was after something,
something he didn't have the last time, and its in the department of mysteries!” Harry
rambled, Hermione and Ron shaking their heads as Airakus glanced back towards them
nervously .
This didn't sound right.
“Harry please just listen!” Hermione interjected, the moving staircases leaving them all stuck
together while they shifted, Harry turning towards the girl, out of breath.  
“What if he meant for you to see this? What if hes only hurting Sirius because hes trying to
get to you?” Hermione asked, Airakus's eyebrows shooting up.
“So what if he is? W e’re supposed to just let him die?!” Airkaus interrupted, Harry glancing
to him before looking back to Hermione.
“Hermione hes the only family I've got left.” Harry finished, Airakus ignoring the wound
Harry's words opened as he nodded to the girl.  
The group stood in silence, the staircase clicking into place.
“What do we do?” Ron asked, Seamus going pale as Harry nodded quickly . 
“We’ll have to use the floo network….” Harry began, Hermione shaking her head.
“All the fireplaces are blocked of f.” She replied.  
“Not all of them…” Airakus added, glancing at Harry who began running once more, this
time towards the headmistress’ s office, his friends following close behind him.  
Airakus's heart was beating out of his chest.
 
“Alohamora” Airakus muttered, the door he knew so well swinging open into the room he
could only remember . 
Her of fice smelt of sweets, the moving pictures of cats all looking down on the kids with
unblinking, wide, yellow eyes.
Seamus had left, running of f to go find Neville and Ginny . 
Airakus had refused to go with him, insisting he go with Harry , Hermione and Ron.The fire roared a bright green, Harry kneeling in front of the lively flames, Hermione and
Ron crouched at his side while Airakus stood behind them all, glancing back and forth
between his friends and the half open door .
“Alert the order if you can!” Harry mumbled, reaching for the floo powder before his hand
was swatted away by Hermione.
“We’re going with you!” Ron scof fed before Hermione could, Airakus whipping his head
away from the door and towards his friends.  
“Its too dangerous!” Harry ar gued, Ron looking at Hermione who shook her head again.  
“This isn't up for debate Harry . We’re going with you whether you like it or not.” Airakus
snapped at Harry , the boy looking back at him with an anxious expression.
It was then, in the green light that Airakus saw Harry's expression change to one of pure
panic, the fear stricken fourteen year old boy looking past him towards the open door . 
He was pale, sickly pale, his hair sticking to his forehead from sweat.  
"We're in this together!" Ron clasped Harry's shoulder .
“That you are!”
Her voice rang through Airakus's head as if a gun had been fired right beside his ear . 
It was scratchy and horrid, making every hair on his body stand on end.
He turned back towards the door and saw her , Umbridge, covered in soot from the twins
firework display , her wand grasped tightly in hand, the imperial squad standing in the
doorway behind her , Draco’ s eyes widening when he saw Airakus looking back at him.
Pansy , Theo, Blaise, Adrian….  
It was as if you took Airakus's problems and threw them into a room, all with Sirus’ s life on
the line.  
If they didn't get to the ministry soon enough, Remus would be alone again, Harry would be
alone again, Airkaus would be alone again.  
He had never felt helpless before in his entire life.
“Caught this one trying to help the W easley girl.” Draco sneered, tugging Neville into the
room.
They had been tied to chairs, other than Hermione who Blaise was holding by her wrists.  
Crabbe and Goyle had dragged Seamus and Luna in a few minutes prior , Seamus apologizing
to Airakus who shook his head at the boy . 
Umbridge sneered down at Harry who was seated a mere foot in front of Airakus and Ron.
Draco held Neville now , Ginny looking at him with a scowl on her face, Seamus and Airakus
sharing another weary glanced as Umbridge swung the door shut, taking a few steps towards
Harry , bending down in front of the boy .
“You were going to Dumbledore weren't you?” The headmistress asked, Airakus and Ron
sharing nervous looks with their captured friends.  
“No.” Harry replied, a sharp slap following.“Liar!” Umbridge seethed, Harry looking back at her , his cheek flushing red.
"You bi...." Airakus began to snarl, cut of f by the door opening abruptly . 
“You sent for me…” Severus began, sticking his head into the room, his eyebrows shooting
up for a moment, Airakus hearing his heartbeat quicken when he saw the scene displayed in
front of him.
Snape fixed his face and strolled into the room, looking from Harry , to Airakus, to Draco,
then back to Umbridge.
“Snape!” She began exasperated.  
“The time has come for answers, whether he wants to give them to me or not!”
Snape didn't reply , the entire room in a stale silence.
“Have you brought the veritaserum?”  
Airakus's blood ran cold.  
“I'm afraid you used the entire stock of it interrogating students, the last on Miss.Chang.”
Snape scowled
Harry looked like he may cry at the mans words, for the first time all day he looked gutted.  
Cho hadn't ratted them out, Umbridge had quite literally forced it out of her . 
It was nearly impossible to fight the ef fects of veritaserum.
Snape glanced to Draco once more, then back to Harry .
“Unless you wish to poison him, which believe me I would have the greatest sympathy if you
did, I cannot help you.” Snape sighed to Umbridge, the womans face turning into a scowl
once more.
Snape turned, turned to leave, his back to the kids.  
Harry sat silently , Airakus knew he wouldn't speak, wouldn't say anything more, not with this
deranged woman in front of him.  
The whole lot of them would be silent if they were smart.  
Airakus wasn't smart.
“Hes got padfoot! Hes got padfoot at the place where its hidden!” Airkaus rambled out,
Snape turning and looking at the boy pointedly . 
“What does he mean what's Padfoot? Whats he talking about Snape?” Umbridge asked as she
stamped her foot down like a toddler . 
Snape glanced towards Harry , Draco, then back to Airakus, his eyes lingering on the boy
before he shrugged.
“I have no idea.” He lied, leaving the room with a swish of his robes. Silence fell over the
collection of students, Airakus listening to Severus's footsteps receding, growing quicker as
he clearly began to run.
“Alright then….your choice Potter .” Umbridge began, turning and leaning on her desk as she
stared at the floor , nodding to herself reassuringly . 
“As this is a case of Ministry security , you leave me with…no other choice….” She began.“The cruciatus curse ought to loosen your tongue.”  
“That's illegal!” Hermione scof fed, as if the thought itself was outrageous in theory .
“Cornelius, what you don't know , wont hurt you.” The woman stuttered as she faced the
framed photo of the minster down on her desk, reaching up her sleeve and taking her wand in
hand once more.  
The entire room held its breath, not a single one of Airakus's friends nor Umbridge's imperial
squad speaking as they watched the woman in fearful anticipation.  
She raised her wand, raised her wand and Airakus was paralyzed with fear , his voice gone,
the memories of pain, pure pain, Fenrir Greyback standing in his house, the nightmares that
followed the weeks after the attack.  
The thought of Harry , fragile, young, broken Harry , going through that pain, being torn apart
from the inside out...
He watched in slow motion as Umbridge's mouth opened, her eyebrows raising as she lifted
her arm.
“Cr….”  
“TELL HER HARR Y!” Hermione screeched, struggling against Crabbe who tightened his
grip on her wrists.  
“IF YOU DON'T TELL HER WHERE IT IS I WILL!” She yelled again, Umbridge’ s face
splitting into a maniacal grin.
“Tell me what? Where what is?!” Umbridge asked, Harry looking at Hermione with a
furrowed glance, along with the rest of the kids, all unsure as to where this was going.  
Airakus watched her with wide eyes, praying she had thought this through.
“Dumbledore's secret weapon.”  
Umbridge didn't waste a minute, grabbing Hermione from Crabbe, untying Harry from the
chair , rambling of f instructions to the Slytherins all before ducking out of the room with the
two Gryf findors at wand point.
Airakus listened as their footsteps receded, the sound of the classroom door shutting
confirming that they were in the clear .
“Alright, let us go!” Airakus sighed with a nod, straining his neck to look at Dracon and the
others who were now standing closest to the door , Neville, Luna and Ginny tied together to
his left, Crabbe and Goyle keeping them there while Ron continued to struggle with the
magically bound rope under Blaise's watchful eye.
“What are you on about?” Draco sneered in response, Airakus and him locking eyes, Draco's
squinted, the grey foggy and fear ridden.  
“I said let us go, have you gone deaf?” Airakus scof fed anxiously , eager to be let out of the
rope that was digging into his wrists.  
Draco stood cemented to the floor , he scof fed as he glanced towards Theo, Blaise, Crabbe
and Goyle who stood behind Airakus, Seamus and Ron.
“Why would we let you go? Didn't you hear her?” Draco snarled back, stepping forwards.  
“Malfoy , let us go.” Airkaus said again, less calmly now , the anger behind his voice clear .Seamus kicked the back of his chair , a signal for him to shut his goddamn mouth.
“No!” The Slytherin snapped back.
“Draco untie me so I can untie Ron and Seamus.” Airkaus replied, not giving up, not now ,
not when Sirius needed him.  
“Shut up.” Draco snarled again, turning away from Airkaus.
“Blondie, c'mon, untie me.” Airakus pleaded needily . 
Draco looked back at him with wide eyes.  
“Don't fucking call me that.”  
“Fine, Draco untie me.”  
“Don't call me that either , we aren't fucking friends Rosier .” 
“Oh yea?” Airakus snapped, done with the teasing, pure rage bubbling inside him as he
watched Draco testingly . 
Ron was right beside him, Neville a few feet away , Crabbe and Goyle looking on with
furrowed eyebrows.
It was silent for another moment, nobody moving so much as speaking.  
“Draco untie me right fucking now .” Airakus snapped, the two boys staring at one another .
The room was silent, the air was stale, Ron's eyebrows were furrowed, Pansy and Seamus
were holding their breath.  
Draco stood still for a moment, rocking back and forth, his nails digging into the palm of his
hand.
“You better have a good explanation as to how you got away because you sure as hell aren't
telling Potter I let you go.” Draco scof fed, Airakus nodding quickly as he bit his lip.
Draco shook his head, taking a few more steps towards Airakus's chair , Blaise grabbing for
Draco, stopping him in his tracks.
“Mate, what are you doing? She said to keep them here!” Blaise ar gued, Airakus scof fing.
“Fuck of f Zanbini.” Draco shook Blaise of f, crossing the room to Airakus, kneeling down in
front of him as the Slytherin unbound him from the chair , the rope falling to the floor as
Airakus stood, Draco and him an inch apart.
“Thankyou,” Airkaus reached out, grabbing Draco's hair in a fist, tugging teasingly causing
Draco to shove him lightly , a snarl on his face.
“Fuck of f.” He replied, Airakus reaching to grab his wand from the table only to be stopped
by Crabbe, the boy standing in his way with his wand pointed straight at AIrakus.  
"You cant leave...headmistress said to keep you all here." Crabbe mumbled, Airakus scof fing
slightly . 
"Crabbe sit back down." Draco snarled.  
"No Malfoy , whatever he's tricked you into believing its not true. They're gonna go run to
Dumbledore and overtake..."  
"Crabbe sit down." Draco snapped this time.  "Y'know what? Locomotor ..." Crabbe began.  
"Petrificus T otalus!" Draco cast, Crabbe falling to the ground with a thud.
Airakus stood still for a moment, well aware that Crabbe was about to curse him into next
week.  
"What the fuck..." Goyle began, Draco turning his wand straight at his old friend, the room
growing silent.  
Airakus wasted no time, grabbing his wand from the table and tossing Seamus his, the boy
kicking Goyle in the shin.  
Seamus unbinded Neville, Luna and Ginny , Airkaus passing all three of them their wands.  
Airakus untied Ron, W easley grabbing his own wand, all six of the Gryf findors facing the
remaining slytherins in a silent showdown.
“We’re going to go now , don't follow us.” Airkaus nodded slowly . 
“Don't follow us...” Airakus said again, this time more so to Malfoy than the rest of the
Slytherins. Draco nodded slowly , Airakus turning and rushing out of the room, Ron right
behind them as they ran down the stairs and into the corridor where the others were waiting,
all six of them taking of f in a sprint towards the woods where Harry and Hermione had
disappeared with Umbridge.
“How'd you lose her?” Airakus asked, out of breath.  
“Centaurs,” Harry replied.  
“Howd you get out?” He added, Ron opening his mouth before Seamus interjected.
“Used the twins sleeping chocolates, half of one for each of them and they were out like
lights!” Seamus chuckled, Harry nodding as he began walking back towards the castle,
stopping for a moment and turning towards the others.
“Fuck…” Harry mumbled.  
“How are we supposed to get to the ministry now?” He asked, the whole ensemble of
students stopping.  
“We fly of course!” Luna smiled widely , her voice still sweet and airy as if nothing bad had
happened to her before in her entire life.
The thestrals were calm and soared like a broomstick.  
Seamus clung to Airakus tightly , his eyes wide as he stared down at the invisible source
carrying him and his friends through the sky .
“I don't like flying.” Neville yelled over the screeching wind, his face green as he held onto
Seamus, the three of them left for one horse, Luna and Ginny on another , Ron and Hermione
on the back of Harry's.
Airakus laughed, a breathy laugh.  
Relief washed over him.  
They had made it out.  
Draco had let them go.  
Snape had hopefully notified the order . 
Sirius would be fine.  
They would be fine.  Everything was going to be ok.  
The hard part was over . 
Or well, that's what he thought after all.
Chapter End Notes
Im going to sleep now ...and maybe I'll for get to post the end of fifth year tomorrow and
everyone will be tortured and sad...but maybe I'll post it in a few hours and everyone
will be happy and joyous! Who knows? Anyways, I LOVE THIS CHAPTER, OMG
THE BETRA YL FROM MALFOY , THE BANTER, THE ABSOLUTE IMAGER Y
HOL YThe Department of Mysteries
Chapter Summary
The battle of the department of mysteries.
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
The department of Mysteries was cold and dark.  
Airakus had a horrid, gut wrenching feeling that someone was watching him, the same
feeling those character in cringey scary movies get right before the killer gets them.
His mind was racing as the kids stalked through the aisles of silver and glass balls, all
prophecies, each and every one.  
It all flooded back to him in a moment, Harry's prophecy , the muttered worries about
guarding it, the mumbled secret about its meaning to V oldemort.  
Moody had refused to tell Airakus or Draco much regarding the prophecy T rewlany had
given when Harry was so young.  
Airakus didn't even know what it was, he just knew that it was the biggest secret known to
wizard kind, the most important thing to both sides of this war .
“What are we looking for Harry?” Hermione asked, her voice shaking.  
It had been minutes of aimless wandering, Harry scof fed under his breath as he waved his
wand, the tip of it lighting their way .
“I'm not sure Hermione, maybe Sirius?” He scof fed back, Ron glancing to Airakus with a
strange look in his eyes.  
Airkaus stuck close to Harry , Seamus trailing after him, his eyebrows furrowed, hand
clutched tightly around his wand.  
They were all scared, Airakus could hear his friends hearts beating right through their chests.
It was five days to the full moon, June 23rd 1996, the first moon away from Hogwarts for the
summer . 
Airakus was shaking, but he was trying to hide it, to stay strong for the others, for Seamus,
for Harry….for Draco.
The department of mysteries was dark and silent, the tall long shelves seemingly reaching
into the sky , disappearing into the night that surrounding the children as they walked in a sort
of attack circle down the long corridors.
“Was there anything in your vision Harry , anything that could help?” Hermione asked after
another fifteen minutes or so of walking, no Sirius in sight.Harry paused, turning around with eyebrows raised.  
He raced down the aisle as he counted aloud, ninety one, ninety two, he continued until he
found it.  
Ninety five.
Harry stopped and looked around quickly before turning to the others.
“He should be here!” Harry called out to the others who were standing a few rows back,
Airakus eyeing the boy sympathetically .
“Harry….” Neville began, his voice echoing around the empty hall.  
“Its got your name on it.”
Harry stared at the prophecy , Airakus's breath caught in his throat as the boy stood a mere
inch away from his fate.  
Harry turned to his friends, taking the ball apprehensively , peering into it.
“The one with the power to vanquish the dark lord approaches…” A disembodied voice
began, that of a scratchy woman, Airakus's spine stif fened as he smelt it in the air . 
“And the dark lord shall mark him as his equal, but he shall have power the dark lord knows
not,”  
Hermione and Ron looked to one another , Airakus standing behind Harry with his shoulders
squared as he tried not to move.
The prophecy . 
Harry's prophecy .
“For neither can live while the other survives.”
He swallowed his vomit while Harry turned to face his friends, seeing Airkaus so close
behind him causing the boy to jump.  
Airakus steadied the boy , Harry clearing his throat.
“Harry!” Hermione squeaked, Airkaus and Harry turning and rushing to the others to see
what the girl had caught sight of.
There he stood, a death eater as real as the day was long.  
Those silver masks covering its face, inhuman though human all in the same.
Airakus stood to Harry's side as the boy waved his wand at the figure.  
Silence encompassed the room as the death eater began approaching, the sound of their
footsteps echoing around the room, seemingly falling into a melodic tune.
“Wheres Sirius!?” Harry called out, desperation clear in his voice, Airakus cursed him for it.  
“You know , you really should learn to tell the dif ference between dreams…"
The death eater took out his wand, waving it over his mask with a twist of his wrists
reminiscent of the way Draco would have cast a charm.
“And reality .”There stood Lucius Malfoy , clear as day , staring back at Airakus and Harry with the same
eyes Airakus had fallen so deeply in love with.
“You saw only what the dark lord wanted you to see,” Lucius provided, Airakus listening to
Hermione as if prepared for her to erupt into ‘i told you so’ s’, but the girl did not, she tried
not to breath in that moment as Lucius stepped closer .
“Now hand me the prophecy .” He demanded, his voice sharp and vile.  
“You do anything to us and I'll break it.” Harry replied shortly , Airakus and Seamus nodding
though neither of them were positive that was the best tactic.
A cackle, maniacal and high pitched, rang out.
“He knows how to play!” She screeched. “Itty , bitty , baby…Pottah!”  
Her hair was ragged and curled over her shoulders like a wild mane. She approached with a
limp to her walk, her teeth ragged, fingernails long as they wrapped around her sharp wand.  
Airakus had never seen her in person, of course he hadn't, she had been locked away in
Azkaban until earlier that year .
“Bellatrix lestrange?” Neville stepped forwards sharply , butting in front of Seamus who
grabbed the boy , Airakus tugging on Nevilles jumper . 
“Neville Longbottom is it? How's mom and dad?” She snickered horsley , Neville gripping his
wand tightly . 
“Better now they're about to be avenged!” He shouted quite suddenly , pointing his wand up.
Airakus grabbed him, restraining his arm and pulling him back.  
Bellatrix too held her wand high, Lucius’ s hand blocking the madwoman from seemingly
killing the boy herself.
Mere seconds seem to stretch across a matter of hours as Airakus and Harry watched the
other death eaters approach the group from each aisle, each way out now blocked by a dark
figure, all wearing those horrid silver masks.  
Lucius continued to sneer whispers at Harry and the others, his voice sharp and demeaning.  
He sounded nothing like Draco, yet at the same time Airakus heard the boy in the way Lucius
over pronounced his r ’s, the way he paused in between words, the way his grey eyes flicked
back and forth between the kids like a predator hunting its prey .
It was making Airakus sick.  
He pointed his wand sharply at the faceless man approaching from the groups left, Ginny ,
Ron and all the others following, forming a sort of circle as they continue listening to
Lucius's taunts.
“Haven't you always wondered…" Lucius began, his voice closer now , the man standing a
mere arms length away from Harry now . 
"...what is the reason for your connection to the dark lord?” The man asked Harry , the boy
waving his wand shakily back and forth between Lucius and Bellatrix, and whatever other
death eaters were approaching from his side.
“Why he was unable to kill you, when you were just an infant?” Lucius continued, Harry
turning towards the man with a sudden glint in his eyes, one that Airakus had never seenbefore.  
The two were alarmingly close to the kids now , Bellatrix within an arms reach of Neville, the
same for the rest of the approaching death eaters and the others.
“Don't you want to know , the secret of your scar?” Lucius sneered, Harry lowering his wand
to the point where he was barely alert, his eyes wide.  
“Well the answer to that Potter , is in your hand…” The man continued, reaching out slowly ,
as if approaching a rabid dog.  
“All you have to do…is give it to me,” He added, his wand now pointed away from the
children as he reached for the prophecy which Harry held limply in his hand.
“I can show you, everything.”
Airakus glanced around, nudging Harry's ankle with the end of his battered runner . 
If they were doing this they were doing it now .
“I've waited fourteen years…” Harry began, Airakus rolling his eyes at the theatrics.  
“I know ,” Lucius tutted with a shake of his head, the facetiousness of the man's tone clear .
“I guess I can wait a little longer , NOW!” Harry yelled.
“STUPIFY!” The kids shouted in unison, the approaching death eaters flying backwards as
the kids began to run, running faster than any of them thought their legs could carry them.
Harry held the prophecy tightly , Airakus tailing him as Seamus, Hermione and Ron ran in
between them.  
Luna and Ginny were close, Neville under Airakus’ s watchful eye, nobody willing to let the
boy get out of their sight and have a go at Bellatrix Lestrange himself.
They ran until they made it to another wider aisle, Lucius appearing in front of them, arm
outstretched for the prophecy .
The kids all barreled in opposite directions, Airakus grabbing the nearest person who
happened to be Seamus, the pair toppling back as a death eater came looming closer . 
Airakus raised his wand within a second.
“DIFFINDO!” He cast, the man stumbling backwards, Seamus tugged Airakus up, the boy
waving his wand once more.  
“DEPULSO!” He flicked his wrist, the man shooting backwards out of sight as the boys ran
down the aisle, desperately trying to find the others.
Airakus could hear his friends casting spells, Luna and Neville mustn't be too far , he could
smell them from here.  
He and Seamus ran and continued to run, the boys casting a few more spells at black shadows
who chased them from aisle to aisle, the silver masks of the death eaters taunting them
through the cracks in the shelves lined with whispering truths.  
Within a moment all eight kids bashed into one another , their attack circle returning as they
held their wands out pointed aggressively towards the dark edges of the corridors.There they stood, all eight sets of eyes watching as a death eater came soaring down the aisle
towards them.  
Airkaus raised his wand but Ginny stood in front of him, hers pointed out.
“Reducto!” She shouted, and as if someone had set of f a bomb, a massive light filled the hall,
followed by the sound of clinking, breaking glass, like the windchimes Remus had hung on
the porch back home in W ales. 
Airkaus soon realised that it was not wind chimes, but instead thousands of prophecies falling
to the ground, smashing apart into billions of pieces.  
The kids stared for a moment, eyes wide. Ginny remained stationary , her mouth agape as she
watched the shelves collapse in on themselves, the prophecies burying the hall as they
crashed to the ground.
“CMON!” Seamus exclaimed, sprinting away from their shattered tumbling demise, the rest
following in suit, Ron having grabbed Ginny , Luna remaining still as she continued watching
the prophecies crash to the cold floor . 
Neville grabbed the girls wrist and the two rushed after the others, Airakus not sparing a
glance back afraid of what he might see.
“Get back to the door!”
With that the kids were of f, Airakus’ s eyes racing around them eager to see any sign of the
forever moving exit whatsoever . 
They continued to run, turning down a hall that vaguely looked familiar , Harry shoving open
a door , the rest of the kids falling in after him.
The feeling of falling was greater than the feeling of dread, the air rushing past Airakus’ s
head as he prepared to go splat against whatever cold hard ground the kids were surely
moments away from hitting.  
Just as Airakus accepted his untimely death, he stopped falling, levitated in the air , a mere
centimetre away from the rocky ground.  
Falling with a slight thud, Airakus clambered to his feet and turned to Seamus, the boys
eyebrows shot up, eyes wide with fear .
Harry still held the prophecy the orb clutched to his chest as the others stumbled up from the
ground. Airakus looked around, a quick head count to make sure everyone was accounted for . 
All eight.  
They all made it.
The kids stood, catching their breath, Airakus letting his shoulders sag in the momentary
relief.
“Department of mysteries, sure got the name right didn't they?” Ron piped in, Airkaus
kneeling over in laughter , Seamus clutching at his chest as if he were about to die of a stroke.  
It was the need to laugh that won the others over , all eight of them sharing giggles in the
middle of what felt like the end.  
They had made it out, and sure they were stuck wherever the hell they were but Airakus
could apparate out and get help, save them all, badabing badabang they were home safe and
Sirius clearly wasn't dead.The veil was the only lit thing in the room, the swirling white wisps muttering things to the
kids as they all stopped laughing.  
Harry was walking towards it, bewildered by its magic.  
Airakus knew what it was, clearly so did Luna.
“The voices….can you hear what they're saying?” Harry asked.  
“There aren't any voices Harry…” Hermione replied so plainly Airkaus thought he must be
hearing things for a moment.
“I can hear them too..” Luna mumbled, her voice echoing around the empty stone room they
had fallen into.
“Its just an empty archway…” Hermione insisted, though she was merely met with Airakus
shaking his head at the girl.  
“Lets get out of here.” She scof fed as she turned to leave, her eyes flicking around the room
searching for a way out.  
The group were silent, Harry , Luna and Airakus staring at the veil, the sound of someone
banging on the door above echoing around the small room breaking their silence.
“Please Harry , we need to get out of here!” Hermione cried, a sudden creak followed by the
sound of rushing wind replacing the girls pleading.  
“GET BEHIND ME!” Harry yelled, the kids rushing to where the boy had nodded to, his
wand pointed at the black cloudy figures soaring down towards them.
They were surrounded in minutes.  
Airakus kicked and scratched and struggled but it was no use.
The death eaters surrounded Harry , each and every one of his friends tight in their clutches,
wands to their necks.  
Airakus’ s heart was beating out of his chest as he heard Lucius laugh, the man strutting closer
to Harry with a snide grin on his face.
The boy stood alone, the prophecy in one hand his wand in the other , face spattered with
blood and dust, glasses shattered seemingly to no end.
“Did you actually think, children stood a chance…”  
He looked around the room, stopping right in front of Harry .
“Against us?”  
“Ill make this simple for you potter…..give me the prophecy , and nobody dies.”
“DON'T GIVE IT T O HIM HARR Y!” Airkaus screamed, whatever slimy git that was
holding him grabbed at his hair , pulling him back sharply and prodding his neck with the tip
of his wand.
Harry gave Airakus an exhausted, horrified look, a look of grief Airakus recognized in and
out.Lucius held the prophecy , the man seemingly quivering with delight as he turned to Bellatrix
who held Neville sharply back.  
Lucius breathed in, turning around and staring at the orb in his hand triumphantly .
Airakus grinned ear to ear when he saw it.
“Get away from my godson.” Sirius scowled, throwing the meanest punch Airakus had ever
seen in his entire life.  
The white light that beamed down was seemingly sent from the heavens as one by one order
members appeared, casting spells and soaring around in a heap of good destroying the evil.
Airakus bit the death eater who had been holding him sharply in the forearm, the man yelping
as Airakus ducked out of his grasp, turning sharply and casting incendio straight at the man.  
He turned to his right to see that Seamus had done the same, the pair of them bounding over
to Harry so fast they may as well have apparated.
“Where's the prophecy?!” Airakus asked in a shout, the three boys back to back as they cast
spells.  
Harry nodded to the ground where shattered glass lay for gotten in the fight.  
“The bastard dropped it.” Sirius grinned, Airakus grinning back, turning away from the
others as he waved his wand sharply , Seamus following in suit, his eyes searching the room.
Airakus saw Sirius and Harry duck behind the veil, watching as Harry ar gued.  
It was no question what Sirius had said, demanding Harry leave with the rest of the kids,
though Harry being Harry was insisting he stay and fight.
“AIRAKUS!” Remus yelled, Airkaus turning to be tackled to the ground by the man, a curse
shooting over both of their heads.
“Remus! Thank God, you alright?" Airakus asked, Remus scof fing as he stood, tugging the
boy up with him the two standing back to back as they shot curses at the oncoming death
eaters.  
“I have some news,” Remus grunted through spells, Airakus furrowing his brow at the man,
giving him a confused look.  
“What is it then?” Airakus asked, Remus’ s eyebrows furrowing slightly as he spun around.
“DIFFINDO!” He shouted, a death eater flying away from the attack, he turned back to
Airakus the two in casual conversation amidst the chaos, as the pair usually were.
“News…” Airkaus reminded Remus.  
“Ah right, yes, well…” Remus began, Airakus listening to the best of his abilities, all the
while keeping an eye on Seamus, Harry , Sirius, and his own arse.
Remus got tackled by a cloud of death eater trails, Airkaus watching with wide eyes as the
man was dragged of f into the sky in a tussle to victory . 
Airakus ran towards the gingers he had caught sight of, Bill and Charlie who were standing
near Sirius and Harry , the two were battling approaching death eaters.  
“Wheres Remus?” Bill asked as he cast a sharp spell.  
Airakus pointed up, Bill nodding.“Do you know anything about this news?” Airakus asked the boys, Bill nodding his head,
Charlie furrowing his eyebrows.  
“Is this really the time?” Charlie replied, the three boys eyes racing as they watched for death
eaters.  
“Well Remus seemed to want to tell me but he became occupied.” Airakus replied, Charlie
nodding with a scof f. 
“Very well….” He began, only to be cut of f by Bill casting a shield charm, the spell a death
eater had sent their way deflecting, the three standing, wands at the ready as the death eaters
approached.
Airakus stood, firing strong spells, Expelliarmus, Dif findo, he was blasting the approaching
death eaters away all while his eyes flicked between the older two W easleys and Harry and
Sirius who continued to fend of f death eaters of their own.
“Nice one James!”  
“AVADA KEDA VRA!”  
“DEPULSO!”
Sirius went flying back against the opposite wall, Harry standing, eyes horror stricken, hand
shaking as he held his wand tightly . 
Bellatrix stood, wand pointed straight to where Sirius had been with a wicked smile as she
cast Harry a grin.
“CRUC…” Airakus raised his wand, Bill tugging the boy back with a shake of his head while
Harry began to scream. Remus appeared behind him, holding the young boy back from
Bellatrix who retreated out of the room, her expression truly wicked.
Lucius, along with the rest of the death eaters had disappeared, the order standing around
Harry and Remus with silent terror in their eyes.  
Remus could only hold him back for so long.
Chapter End Notes
Soooooooooooooo, we're cooked this chapter is so good I'm actually going to pass away .He's Back
Chapter Summary
short chapter , Grimmauld Place, aftermath
Harry stood beside Albus as the cameras of the daily prophet flashed, the reporters shouting
questions at the pair , Harry's face remaining still and emotionless.  
The entire grand hall was destroyed, and although V oldemort's window into Harry's Soul was
seemingly shattered, Bellatrix had gotten away along with the Dark Lord himself.  
The others had been whisked back to Grimmauld Place, though Airakus and Seamus
remained, standing in the crowd with Bill and Charlie, waiting for Dumbledore to let Potter
go.
Airakus stared at the wall, both W easley boys far too jarred from the whole night to speak,
Seamus standing, eyes racing the hall for his mother who was nowhere in sight.  
Remus wasn't there, Airakus didn't know where he had gone, but at least he knew that he was
safe. Seamus dug his nails into the palm of his hand, the four boys remaining silent as the
cameras continued to snap pictures of Harry James Potter , the boy who lived.
Later that day the boys would learn that the two of them, Airakus and Seamus alone, had
killed three death eaters before the order had even arrived.  
They would also learn the terrible truth that the ministry had not caught Bellatrix Lestrange
in her escape of the ministry , the witch on the run once more.  
Sirius had not died, but he had been injured quite greatly . 
Madame Pomfrey was with him now , though then again, he was still a wanted criminal.  
Airakus wasn't sure how much gauze could fix what really needed to be rushed to St.Mungos.
“I shouldn't have cast that spell. He could die.” Airakus muttered to Seamus as they watched
Minerva apparate in and out of the ministry , rushing to Moody and Kingsley with furrowed
brows.  
“He would've died if you hadn't. Y ou cant blame yourself Airakus.” Seamus reminded him,
though the words went in one ear out the other , the guilt of Sirius's injuries encompassing
Airkaus.
Harry's ghostly expression was enough to make Airakus blame himself for everything that
had ever gone wrong in the history of wizard kind.  
Eyes fixed on the ground.  
He had been told Sirius was fine, and he had cried.  
Then he had stopped crying after Moody had snarled at him to grow up, his wand still
clutched tightly in his hand.  
He looked as if he had seen a ghost, Airakus feared that maybe he had.They would be going back to school in the morning, exams were over , all the boys needed to
do was pack.  
That night at Grimmauld was silent. Neither Airkaus nor Seamus felt like lightening the
mood, the boys sitting in the window upstairs, barely uttering a word until the next morning.  
Not a single one of the kids spoke nor slept that night, all awaiting an update on how Harry
was doing.  
Airakus stared out the window into the dark London night sky . 
Seamus was at his side, though any sense of comfort between the two was absent that night.  
He had never felt so gutted in his life, never been so relieved yet so scared at the same time.  
Because after that night everything was changed; V oldemort was back, he was really back,
and Airkaus knew Harry would never be the same.Over
Chapter Summary
Hogwarts to pack, Ron...Draco and Airkaus.......I'm so sorry in advance
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes
“What the fuck!?” Dean screamed the moment he opened the dormitory door to see all his
roomates standing by the window . 
Dean tackled Airakus, Ron and Neville into a hug, grabbing Seamus by his neck and pulling
the boy in so tightly it looked like he was going to consume him.
“Where's Harry?” Dean asked, sounding more and more like a concerned mother each time
he spoke.  
“With Hermione. They're in Dumbledore's of fice, Harry needed to talk to him about
something but didn't want to go alone.” Ron explained.  
“So she went with him?” Dean asked with a furrowed brow towards Airakus who shrugged.  
“She wont let him out of her sight, sort of scary really .” Airakus admitted as he began tossing
his things from all around the dorm into his open trunk, Dean watching from his completely
packed corner of the room as his roommates shoved away their lives.
“No final exams this year then?” Seamus asked, Dean nodding.  
“We need students for that, everyone already went home for the most part.” Dean admitted,
the boys sharing a nod.
They had heard in the prophet that morning that the school was closing early . 
There was more than a week left of term, but with no exams, no classes, and now , no
students, there wasn't a school left to attend.
“Whos all left then?” Airakus asked, Dean sighing.  
“Lavenders still here, she has to take the train….Colin and his brother , Micheal, a few others,
the twins went home, your brother came to get them." Dean glanced at Ron who nodded
back, they knew that, Fred and Geor ge had arrived at Grimmauld Place that morning, eyes
wide, not a single joke thrown between the pair all day .
“Anyone else?” Neville asked.  
“Parkinson, Knott, Zanbini, Pucey , Malfoy the snob, that whole group stayed, no wonder .”
Dean scof fed, glancing to Airakus who was now sat on the edge of his bed, staring at his
trunk, head suddenly ridden with panicked thoughts.
Ron was staring at him, Airakus fought the ur ge to breathe.  
His body won, his shoulders relaxed and a relieved look washed over his face.“Speaking of Malfoy…” Ron began.  
"What about him?" Dean scof fed as he rolled his eyes, Ron pausing, the air in the room
growing tense and stale within a second.  
"What was that about...I mean last night when you two..." Ron couldn't find the words, he
was staring at Airakus now , Seamus's eyes locked on the floor , Dean's brow furrowed,
Neville merely folding his clothes silently .
Airakus cleared his throat and stood, glancing at each one of his roommates before turning
back to Ron.  
“I'm going to go find Madame Pomfrey and ask her about Sirius.” Airakus began.  
"Airakus you cant just ignore me..." Ron scof fed, but the boy was already gone, the
dormitory door slamming closed behind him.
Airakus rushed through the school all the way to the dungeons.  
He knew this was a horrible idea, but by now he didn't really care about any of the bullshit he
had cared about the day before.  
He paced outside the Slytherin common room, eventually Adrian came by , eyebrows
shooting up when he saw the anxious boy .
“Airakus, merlin mate I was starting to think you'd gone and died on us!” Adrian chuckled as
he nudged the boy , Airakus turning around sharply . 
"Wheres Draco?” Airakus asked immediately . 
“In his dorm," Adrian smile faded, his brow furrowing.  
"Want me to let you in?” The older boy asked, Airakus nodding feverenetley .
Airakus rushed through the common room past one of the remaining students who yelled at
him that he wasn't supposed to be there.  
He banged on the door after rattling the locked doorknob to Draco and Theo's room.
“Let me in!” He called out as he knocked again, the door eventually swinging open to reveal
Parkinson in nothing but shorts and her bra, Theo and Blaise standing behind her .
Airakus closed his eyes.
“Didn't mean to erm…interrupt?” He began, Pansy scof fing. 
“I was packing twat, he's in my dorm, grabbing the rest of his stuf f.” Pansy replied, Airakus
thanking her , his eyes still closed as he turned and stumbled back down towards the girls
staircase.
He didn't knock on Pansy's door , well aware that the girl shared a dorm with T racey and
Daphne who according to Dean had already gone home.
Draco was sitting on Pansy's blank mattress, a few photographs in his hand, his half packed
trunk on the floor beside his shoes.  
He didn't look up, more than likely assuming it was theo or Pansy coming to bother him.
“Not right now Knott…” Draco began, Airakus tackling the boy into a hug, Draco remaining
still, not moving a muscle.Airakus let go and gave Draco a cautious once over . 
He seemed fine, why wasn't he saying anything?
“I thought you would be gone already!” Airakus exclaimed, Draco shaking his head slightly
with a scof f. 
“Father thinks it would look bad if they pulled me before the term ended, then again, I don't
think he knows what's best anymore.” Draco shook his head, Airakus furrowing his eyebrows
as he tried and failed to catch Draco's eye.  
“Sirius isn't doing well, I wrote you did you get my letter?” Airakus asked, Draco shaking his
head no silently .
“Oh," Airakus began, "he got hit pretty bad, he's back at grimmauld but they might move
him, apparently it's not safe anymore or some shit. Harry's upstairs with Dumbledore now ,
talking about summer and all, apparently they're making him go home again, can you believe
that?” Airakus rambled, Draco staring at his shoes.
Airakus paused, stopping his rant as he tried once again to catch Draco's eye.  
“Hey , hey what's wrong?” Airkaus asked. Draco wasn't registering anything he was saying,
not really anyways, his hands tight around the photographs in his hand, eyes on his shoes.
“I have to go back to the manor this summer . Mother says its for the best.” Draco sighed,
finally meeting Airakus's gaze.  
The colour drained from his face, his stomach sank to the floor . 
“What? Y ou can't! It's not safe…what if….what if something happens, you, you do know
your father was there last night? He nearly killed Harry!” Airakus exclaimed, Draco shaking
his head with a scof f.
“You really think that means much to my family? I'm a Malfoy , best I start acting like one."
Draco became agitated, Airakus's voice escaping him as silence fell over him.  
"I knew this wouldn't last.” Draco scof fed.
“What do you mean you knew what wouldn't last...” Airkaus mumbled, Draco rolling his
eyes.  
“My mother has been speaking of leaving my father since I can remember , this isn't the first
time she's run away and it certainly wont be the last...I know she's at the manor as a spy , but
she wants me back for one reason and one reason alone.” Draco replied sharply , anger clear
in his tone, though Airakus feared whom it was directed at.
For a moment he was mad at Draco, furiated that the boy would think such horrible things.
He was safe so long as he was with his mother , they were children...  
It dawned on Airakus how old they were in that moment, how old Regulus had been, just
sixteen.  
It hit the boy like a ton of bricks who they were dealing with.  
This wasn't Barty , this wasn't Sirius this wasn't Quirrel or Gilderoy bloody Lockhart.  
Voldemort had nearly killed Harry last night, and he was no doubt waiting for Draco back at
the manor . 
It stung Airakus to his very core, tore at his heart, made him feel every feeling known to
wizardkind in a single second.  It wasn't fair , none of this was fair . 
It wasn't fair to him, to Draco, to any of them.
“Come live with me.” He said, Draco looking at Airakus for a moment, a flash of something,
something similar to hope, crossed his eyes before the boy let out a choked laugh.
“Yea right.” Draco scof fed. 
“Im being serious Malfoy . Im not letting you go back there.” Airakus replied, the two staring
at one another as silence fell over them once more.
Airakus reached out, his hand brushing Draco's but the other boy tugged away , Airakus
looking at him with pleading eyes.
“I have to do what best for my family .” Draco replied shortly , his entire demeanor changing
as the prudish posture Airakus knew all to well overtook the boy . 
“Fuck my friends I don't care if they find out….” Airakus started, Draco inhaling sharply as
he redirected his gaze back to the floor .
“Please Draco…I….” Airakus paused, stopping himself from reaching out again, afraid of
losing this, losing him.  
“Come stay with me.” Airakus said once more, Draco shook his head.  
“No.”
Silence.  
Airakus looked at him with tear -ridden eyes, Draco's gaze glued to his shoes.
“Fine...I'll, I'll write you everyday , even if you can't get the letters I'll write them anyways…
and Ill go to Lunas, we can meet there like we have before, I'll find a way I can make this
work…” Airakus rambled of f solutions, solutions to a problem Malfoy didnt seem eager to
solve.
Draco stood, Airkaus looking up at the boy , his boy .
“I think it would be best if we just...go back to the way things were before.” Draco added,
stepping backwards, out of Airakus’ s space, the two looking at one another for a second
before Draco averted his gaze once more.
“What are you on about?” Airakus scof fed in disbelief.  
“It's not worth it. W e can't be friends anymore Rosier , It's done.” He shook his head,
Airakus’ s eyebrows furrowing deeply as any sense of confusion slipped away , replaced with
anger .
“Friends? W e can't be bloody friends anymore? W as that all this has been to you?” Airakus
snapped, rage bubbling in his chest, rage over Sirius, rage over Bellatrix, rage over his father ,
rage over Dumbledore and Moody , rage over months of sneaking around, lying to his friends,
all for the boy who stood in front of him, the boy who wouldn't even look him in the eye.  
“You were the one who cried over me not telling my friends,"  
"Rosier ..." 
"Who panicked because you thought I didnt bloody care about you,"  "Rosier ..." 
"...and now ," Airakus scof fed in disbelief as he too stood, stepping closer to Malfoy . 
"Now you're throwing that all away over your bloody family name? Y our stupid pureblood
expectations?” Airakus shouted, shaking from anger .
Draco stood in front of him, head down, not moving a muscle.  
“I told you this wouldn't end well.” The boy scof fed in response.
“Fuck you.” Airakus snarled, his knuckles nearly white.  
“Rosier…”  
“NO. FUCK YOU!” Airakus yelled again.  
“Rosier someone will hear you.” Draco snarled.  
“I hope your father gets sent to Azkaban."  
“Yea? W ell atleast I have one!”
He swung, punching Draco square in the jaw . 
His ears were ringing as he came to his senses, looking at the bleeding boy in front of him.
"Fuck you..." Airakus let out in a quivered breath, Draco reaching out for Airakus, though it
was too late.  
Airakus had stormed out of the dorm, his head pounding, heart racing, tears welling in his
eyes though he refused to let himself cry . 
It was over , that was for damn sure.
Chapter End Notes
The girls are fightingggggg  
Im so sorry , this was gut wrenching to post, Im so sad.End of Fifth Year >1996
Chapter Summary
Short chapter , end of fifth year .
The train left two days later . 
Airakus hadn't said a word to Seamus about what had happened with Malfoy , nor had he told
anyone else.  
At meals he ate, laughing with his friends, glad to be back safe at Hogwarts even if it was
only for a few days.  
Harry was in sunken grief, the shock of almost losing Sirius hitting the boy like a brick wall.  
The thought of Sirius had nearly fully subsided in Airakus’ s brain, taken over by the cold
look Draco had given him when those horrid words had left his mouth.
Airakus wasn't sure what had happened, or why it had happened. But he knew one thing.  
For whatever reason, Draco was choosing the side they both knew to be wrong.
‘What about our side?’
The words echoed through his head, long nights in the room of requirement, homework in the
empty charms classroom.  
Walks to the lake, birthdays in Hogsmeade, secret brushing of hands, longing looks across the
great hall.  
In the moment, to Airakus it felt like a waste.  
A waste of two years.  
A waste of ener gy spent keeping him and Malfoy a secret.  
All a waste to be sitting with Harry , Ron, Hermione and Seamus in a train compartment
rolling through the scottish countryside, knowing that Malfoy was mere feet away .
Airakus scof fed to himself, catching Harry’ s attention, though neither one of the boys said a
word.  
The silent depression that had settled over most of the kids wasn't something anyone wanted
to address.  
Nobody found it strange that Airakus didnt say a word of goodbyes to his best friends,
merely hugging them tighter than he ever had before.
Airakus stood on the platform, Seamus, Hermione, Ron and Harry around him.  
Ginny and the twins were of f looking for Mrs.W easley , surely they'd be back soon to get Ron.
“Well, we’ll be at yours in two weeks yea?” Seamus asked Ron who nodded, glancing
towards Hermione who was looking around the platform with a vacant expression.  
“Where are your parents Mione?” Harry asked, the girl pausing.  “They're not coming...I'm staying with Airakus until we go to the W easleys.” Hermione
replied so simply Airkaus didnt question her words.
Harry nodded with furrowed expression, though he didn't question the girl any further .
“Well, see you lot in september…” Harry began, his words cut of f by Ron and Hermione
hugging him tightly . 
They let go, the boy smiling at his friends before turning to Airakus.  
The boys hugged ladishly afterwards, Airakus gripping the back of Harry’ s jumper tightly ,
trying to remember the boy just as he was.
“See you soon, I promise.” Airakus nodded deeply , Harry sharing a somewhat knowing look
before he turned and disappeared into the crowd of muggles, leaving the rest of his friends to
watch him walk away , back to Privet Drive, back to torture, unsure of what was ahead of him.  
"Well, see you in a few weeks..." Airkaus turned to Ron, the boy nodding and giving each
one of his friends a hug before he too disappeared towards the flock of gingers bobbing down
the stairs that led to high street.
"Shall we?" Seamus asked with a bit of a sigh, Hermione nodding as Airakus followed the
two towards the nearest fireplace.End Notes
I've been writing this for almost over a year and am planning to post most of it all in one go.  
The story's writing style and overall serious tone progresses as the characters age, and as
more things occur , just like in the actual Harry Potter books, but do note that I wrote the start
of this fic nearly three years ago!!!  
I hope you enjoyed this, I've always wanted to write a Harry Potter fanfic with a male OC,
especially a queer one given there is zero representation.  
Some of my timelines don't make sense given I've rewritten this fic around three times, so
bare with me, note that Oliver and Percy are younger in this than in the books.
Notes here for the entire fic. Charlie W easley is for some reason older than Bill, so their ages
are switched in this by accident, its not really important I just figured out that I did it
backwards. A TYD background for the Marauders. Some of the dates are messed up SORR Y.
And finally Airakus's birthday is in MA Y not APRIL. I mess that up all the time!!!
Go follow my T umblr pete-thecat, and my blog Petes W orld 
Tiktok- kyd_orific
Please drop by the Archive and comment  to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!